PROPOSAL 8195 (Timeline Control Ordnance v2)
AUTHOR: Aspen
FOR (4): Falsifian, G.$, Janet, Telna
AGAINST (0): 
PRESENT (0): 
BALLOTS: 4
AI (F/A): 13/0 (AI=3.0)
POPULARITY: 1.000
OUTCOME: FAILED QUORUM

Resolved at: https://mailman.agoranomic.org/cgi-bin/mailman/private/agora-official/2019-July/013007.html

PROPOSAL 8195 (Timeline Control Ordnance v2)
AUTHOR: Aspen
FOR (7): Aspen, D. Margaux, Jacob Arduino, Janet, Kate@, L, Murphy
AGAINST (4): Falsifian, G.$, Telna, nix
PRESENT (3): Halian, R. Lee, Trigon
BALLOTS: 14
AI (F/A): 20/13 (AI=3.0)
POPULARITY: 0.214
OUTCOME: REJECTED
[
Halian: Endorsement of R. Lee
Jacob Arduino: Endorsement of Kate
Kate: Endorsement of Aspen
L: Endorsement of D. Margaux
]

Resolved at: https://mailman.agoranomic.org/cgi-bin/mailman/private/agora-official/2019-July/013040.html

ID: 8195
Title: Timeline Control Ordnance v2
Adoption index: 3.0
Author: Aspen
Co-authors: omd, Janet


Enact a new power 3.1 Rule, entitled "Timelines", with the following text:

  A timeline is a temporal sequence of events and states.

  The Objective Timeline is the timeline of matters as they actually happened.
  On the Objective Timeline, the consequences of an event are determined
  based on the conditions actually in effect, under Agoran law, when that event
  occurred. The Objective Timeline is not part of the gamestate; instead, it
  is the recording of events on reality itself, and changing it retroactively
  without actual time travel is thus IMPOSSIBLE, rules to the contrary
  notwithstanding.

  The Standard Timeline is the timeline used for the purposes of ordinary
  gameplay. By default, the Standard Timeline is defined by events and their
  consequences in the same way that the Objective Timeline is. However,
  the Standard Timeline is part of the gamestate. Accordingly, it can be
  modified retroactively; such retroactive modifications are secured
  at power 3.

  Attempted retroactive changes are to be interpreted as attempts to change the
  Standard Timeline. All changes are to be interpreted as prospective unless
  they are explicitly retroactive.

  By default, any entity with a power less than the power of this rule that
  refers to the past, present, or future is to be interpreted as referring to
  the Standard Timeline; however, entities may explicitly reference
  different timelines.

Amend Rule 1551, "Ratification" by changing the text "the gamestate is modified"
to read "the gamestate is retroactively modified".

Amend Rule 591, "Delivering Judgements", by changing the text

  "The valid judgements for an inquiry case are as follows, based on
  the facts and legal situation at the time the inquiry case was
  initiated, not taking into account any events since that time:"

to read

  "The judgement of an inquiry case should be based on the facts and legal
  situation as they objectively existed at the time the inquiry case was
  initiated, not taking into account any events or retroactive modifications
  since that time.

  The valid judgements for an inquiry case are as follows:"
