PROPOSAL 8208 (Regulated actions reform (v2))
AUTHOR: Janet
FOR (6): Falsifian, Jacob Arduino, Janet, Murphy, Trigon, twg@
AGAINST (3): Aspen, Halian, R. Lee
PRESENT (5): D. Margaux, G.$, L, Telna, nix
BALLOTS: 14
AI (F/A): 17/9 (AI=3.0)
POPULARITY: 0.214
OUTCOME: REJECTED
[
Halian: Endorsement of R. Lee
Jacob Arduino: Endorsement of twg
L: Endorsement of D. Margaux
twg: Endorsement of Janet
]

Resolved at: https://mailman.agoranomic.org/cgi-bin/mailman/private/agora-official/2019-July/013041.html

ID: 8208
Title: Regulated actions reform (v2)
Adoption index: 3.0
Author: Janet
Co-authors: Aspen, omd, G., Falsifian


[Comment: see proto thread for changes and rationales.]


Amend Rule 2493 ("Regulations") as follows:

  Append the following text to the first paragraph: "Regulations are
  binding."


Amend Rule 1742 ("Contracts") as follows:

  Append the following sentence to the first paragraph: "Contracts are
  binding."


Amend Rule 2125 ("Regulated Actions") to read:

  An entity is binding if and only if the Rules designate it as such.
  The Rules as a whole is an entity that is binding; this entity is
  known as the ruleset.

  An action is regulated by a binding entity if: (1) the entity
  directly and explicitly defines, limits, allows, enables, permits,
  forbids, or requires its performance; (2) the entity describes the
  circumstances under which the action would succeed or fail; or (3)
  the action would, as part of its effect, modify information for
  which the entity requires some player to be a "recordkeepor".

  When a binding entity explicitly defines an action, describes the
  possibility of performing an action, or describes the methods by
  which an action can be performed, it creates an action that is
  distinct from all other actions; the binding entity is said to "own"
  this created action. A binding entity CAN only state that it
  requires or forbids an action that it does not own; it CANNOT modify
  any other properties of the action.

  An action that is owned by a binding entity CAN only be performed as
  described by the entity, and only using the methods explicitly
  specified in the entity for performing the given action.
  Interpretations that result in the entity directly proscribing
  actions that are not regulated by it are invalid.


Retitle Rule 2125 to "Binding Entities".

Set the power of Rule 2125 to 3.1.
