PROPOSAL 8233 (Duties)
AUTHOR: Murphy
FOR (1): Murphy
AGAINST (4): Falsifian, G.$, Jason, Telna
PRESENT (0): 
BALLOTS: 5
AI (F/A): 3/13 (AI=3.0)
POPULARITY: -0.600
OUTCOME: FAILED QUORUM

Resolved at: https://mailman.agoranomic.org/cgi-bin/mailman/private/agora-official/2019-August/013099.html

PROPOSAL 8233 (Duties)
AUTHOR: Murphy
FOR (0): 
AGAINST (6): Aspen, Falsifian, Jacob Arduino, Jason, Trigon, twg
PRESENT (1): G.$
BALLOTS: 7
AI (F/A): 0/18 (AI=3.0)
POPULARITY: -0.857
OUTCOME: REJECTED
[
Jacob Arduino: Endorsement of twg
]

Resolved at: https://mailman.agoranomic.org/cgi-bin/mailman/private/agora-official/2019-September/013133.html

ID: 8233
Title: Duties
Adoption index: 3.0
Author: Murphy
Co-authors: 


Amend Rule 2152 (Mother, May I?) by appending this text:

  9. DUTY: The person with the duty CAN perform the described
     action by announcement, and SHALL do so in a timely fashion.

Amend Rule 2141 (Role and Attributes of Rules) by replacing this text:

  Every rule shall have a title to aid in identification. If a rule
  ever does not have a title, the the Rulekeepor CAN and SHALL
  assign a title to it by announcement in a timely fashion.

with this text:

  Every rule shall have a title to aid in identification. If a rule
  ever does not have a title, the Rulekeepor has a DUTY to assign a
  title to it.

Amend Rule 2154 (Election Procedure) by replacing this text:

  In a timely fashion after the nomination period ends, the ADoP CAN
  and SHALL:

with this text:

  When the nomination period ends, the ADoP has a DUTY to:

Amend Rule 2478 (Vigilante Justice) by replacing this text:

  When a player Points a Finger, the investigator SHALL investigate
  the allegation and CAN, and in a timely fashion SHALL, conclude
  the investigation by:

with this text:

  When a player Points a Finger, the investigator has a DUTY to
  investigate the allegation and conclude it by:

Amend Rule 991 (Calls for Judgement) by replacing this text:

  When a CFJ's judge is unassigned, the Arbitor CAN assign any
  eligible player to be its judge by announcement, and SHALL do so
  in a timely fashion.

with this text:

  When a CFJ's judge is unassigned, the Arbitor has a DUTY to
  assign an eligible player to be its judge.

Amend Rule 591 (Delivering Judgements) by replacing this text:

  When a CFJ is open and assigned to a judge, that judge CAN assign
  a valid judgement to it by announcement, and SHALL do so in a
  timely fashion after this becomes possible. If e does not, the
  Arbitor CAN remove em from being the judge of that case by
  announcement, and SHALL do so in a timely fashion after the time
  limit expires, unless the judge assigns a valid judgement in the
  mean time.

with this text:

  When a CFJ is open and assigned to a judge, that judge has a DUTY
  to assign a valid judgement to it. If e is in violation of that
  duty, the Arbitor has a DUTY to remove em from being the judge of
  that case.

Amend Rule 911 (Motions and Moots) by replacing this text:

  If a CFJ has a judgement assigned, a player CAN enter that
  judgement into Moot with N+2 support, where N is the number of
  weeks since that judgement has been assigned, rounded down. When
  this occurs, the CFJ is suspended, and the Arbitor is once
  authorized to initiate the Agoran decision to determine public
  confidence in the judgement, which e SHALL do in a timely fashion.

with this text:

  If a CFJ has a judgement assigned, a player CAN enter that
  judgement into Moot with N+2 support, where N is the number of
  weeks since that judgement has been assigned, rounded down. When
  this occurs, the CFJ is suspended, and the Arbitor has a DUTY to
  initiate the Agoran decision to determine public confidence in
  the judgement.

Amend Rule 2589 (Galaxy Maintenance) by replacing this text:

  If there are ever fewer Sectors than the Ideal Sector Count, then
  the Astronomor CAN by announcement and SHALL in a timely fashion
  create a new Sector.

  If there are ever more Sectors than the Ideal Sector Count, then
  the Astronomor CAN by announcement and SHALL in a timely fashion
  destroy an empty Sector.

with this text:

  If there are ever fewer Sectors than the Ideal Sector Count, then
  the Astronomor has a DUTY to create a new Sector.

  If there are ever more Sectors than the Ideal Sector Count, then
  the Astronomor has a DUTY to destroy an empty Sector.

  Amend Rule 2593 (Space Battles) by replacing this text:

  After both combatants have communicated the Energy they will
  spend, or if the time limit to do so has expired, the resolver
  CAN, and SHALL in a timely fashion, resolve the Space Battle by
  announcing the changes in each Spaceship's Energy balance and
  Armour (described below), and the Winner (if any) of the Space
  Battle.

with this text:

  After both combatants have communicated the Energy they will
  spend, or if the time limit to do so has expired, the resolver
  has a DUTY to resolve the Space Battle by announcing the changes
  in each Spaceship's Energy balance and Armour (described below),
  and the Winner (if any) of the Space Battle.

Amend Rule 2511 (Karmic Balance) by replacing this text:

  In a timely fashion after the beginning of each Quarter, the
  Herald CAN and SHALL by announcement, perform the following tasks
  in order:

with this text:

  At the beginning of each Quarter, the Herald has a DUTY to
  perform the following tasks in order:
