PROPOSAL 8238 (Cancelling Proposals (arr. for violin))
AUTHOR: Jacob Arduino
FOR (6): Falsifian, Jacob Arduino, Jason, Murphy, omd, twg@
AGAINST (0): 
PRESENT (2): G.$, Telnaior
BALLOTS: 8
AI (F/A): 17/0 (AI=3.0)
POPULARITY: 0.750
OUTCOME: FAILED QUORUM
[
Falsifian: Endorsement of twg
Jacob Arduino: Endorsement of twg
]

PROPOSAL 8238 (Cancelling Proposals (arr. for violin))
AUTHOR: Jacob Arduino
FOR (6): Gaelan, Jacob Arduino, Murphy, Trigon, o, twg
AGAINST (7): ATMunn, Aris, Bernie, Falsifian, G.$, Jason, Rance
PRESENT (0): 
BALLOTS: 13
AI (F/A): 18/22 (AI=3.0)
POPULARITY: -0.077
OUTCOME: REJECTED
[
ATMunn: Endorsement of Falsifian
Bernie: Endorsement of Jason
Gaelan: Endorsement of Murphy
Jacob Arduino: Endorsement of twg
Jason: Endorsement of Aris
o: Endorsement of Trigon
twg: Endorsement of Murphy
]

ID: 8238
Title: Cancelling Proposals (arr. for violin)
Adoption index: 3.0
Author: Jacob Arduino
Co-authors: twg, G.


[ This has bugged me for a while (no pun intended): if a broken proposal makes
   it to its voting period, even if the error is then discovered, it tends not
   to percolate through to everyone doing the voting, and the proposal gets
   adopted anyway. I've been trying to get around this by just endorsing the
   proposal's author, on the basis that e's the most likely to notice if there
   is a problem and can then change eir vote to AGAINST, but that has its own
   problems. I feel this is a fairly neat solution with enough safeguards to
   stop it being abused. ]

[ This second version removes reliance on the Assessor to support the action,
  and adds protection against the Speaker's delay (which would function here
  as a veto). ]

Enact a new rule, "Cancelling Erroneous Proposals", Power=3.0, with the
following text:

  During the voting period of an Agoran decision determining whether or not
  to adopt a proposal, its author CAN with support cancel the decision.

  It is RECOMMENDED that this ability only be used if the proposal contains
  a textual error preventing it from having the effect its author intended.

  The Speaker is not eligible to object to an announcement of intent to
  perform an action permitted by this rule.

Amend Rule 955, "Determining the Will of Agora", by adding the following list
item to the unnumbered list in between the two previously existing items:

  - If the decision has been cancelled, as permitted by rules of power 3 or
    greater, the outcome is instead CANCELLED.
