PROPOSAL 8270 (Self-ratifying statements)
AUTHOR: omd
FOR (6): Aspen, Bernie, G.$, Jason, Madrid, Rance
AGAINST (0): 
PRESENT (2): ATMunn, Falsifian
BALLOTS: 8
AI (F/A): 19/0 (AI=3.0)
POPULARITY: 0.750
OUTCOME: ADOPTED
[
ATMunn: Endorsement of Falsifian
Bernie: Endorsement of Jason
]

Resolved at: https://mailman.agoranomic.org/cgi-bin/mailman/private/agora-official/2019-November/013256.html

ID: 8270
Title: Self-ratifying statements
Adoption index: 3.0
Author: omd
Co-authors: 


[Create a mechanism for a public message to be defined as self-ratifying a
statement that's not in the message.

Currently, Rule 2034 does this in a strange implicit way, by saying that the
message "constitutes self-ratifying claims that" such-and-such.  I'd call it
dubious, but according to CFJ 3618 as recorded in a FLR annotation (I can't
find the original judgement), it does work, even if the message in question
*explicitly disclaims* the such-and-such.  Still, it's better to organize
things in a way that avoids counterfactual assumptions.

Convert two rules to use the new mechanism: Rule 2034, and Rule 107, which
previously vaguely mentioned an error being "correctly identified within one
week".  The new wording also requires clarity, as I also proposed separately
(if both proposal pass, this overwrites the wording from the other).]

Amend Rule 1551 (Ratification) by replacing:

  When a public document is ratified

with:

  When a document or statement (hereafter "document") is ratified

and by replacing:

  Ratifying a public document is secured with power threshold 3.

with:

  Ratification is secured with power threshold 3.

and by removing:

  A public document is part (possibly all) of a public message.

[moved to R2202]

Amend Rule 2202 (Ratification Without Objection) by prepending the paragraph:

  A public document is part (possibly all) of a public message.

Amend Rule 2201 (Self-Ratification) by replacing:

  A public document defined by the rules as self-ratifying is
  ratified when it is continuously undoubted for one week.

  A doubt is an explicit public challenge via one of the following
  methods, identifying a document and explaining the scope and
  nature of a perceived error in it:

with:

  When a public document is continuously undoubted for one week
  after publication:

  - If the rules define it as self-ratifying, it is ratified.

  - If the rules define it as a self-ratifying attestation to a
    given statement, the statement is ratified.

    This clause is inapplicable if the statement to be ratified
    cannot be reasonably ascertained from the ruleset and the
    contents of the message.

  A doubt is an explicit public challenge via one of the following
  methods, identifying a document and explaining the scope and
  nature of a perceived error in it (or in a statement it attests
  to):

Amend Rule 107 (Initiating Agoran Decisions) by replacing the second
sentence with:

  To be valid, the notice must clearly specify the following
  information:

and by appending the paragraph:

  A public notice purporting to initiate an Agoran decision is a
  self-ratifying attestation of the notice's validity.

Amend Rule 2034 (Vote Protection and Cutoff for Challenges) by replacing:

  A public message purporting to resolve an Agoran decision
  constitutes self-ratifying claims that
with:

  A public message purporting to resolve an Agoran decision
  is a self-ratifying attestation that
