PROPOSAL 8282 (Let's do this the hard way v1.1)
AUTHOR: Falsifian
FOR (0): 
AGAINST (5): Alexis, Falsifian, G., Jason, Rance
PRESENT (3): Aris, Gaelan, twg
BALLOTS: 8
AI (F/A): 0/15 (AI=1.0)
POPULARITY: -0.625
OUTCOME: REJECTED
[
Alexis: Endorsement of G.
Aris: Conditional resolved: no Notice of Veto was published
Rance: Endorsement of Jason
]

ID: 8282
Title: Let's do this the hard way v1.1
Adoption index: 1.0
Author: Falsifian
Co-authors: 


[Begin comment:

The purpose is to reduce uncertainty about the status of messages sent
while the mailing list was having trouble by undoing most of the
actions that happened during that period. I just skimmed the messages
on agora-business, agora-official and the backup list that were sent
during that period.

This doesn't deal with everything: specifically, it doesn't handle:

a) the distribution of Proposal 8277
b) the status of the Prime Minister election
c) the judge of CFJ 3783 (the Arbitor attempted to recuse twg from CFJ
3783 and assign it to omd during the outage)
d) self-ratification of reports

Hopefully these can be handled separately, and (d) may stop being an
issue once future reports self-ratify.

Conditionally setting Comptrollor to vacant isn't an exact reversal,
but hopefully shouldn't be too controversial.

Some other uncertainties should hopefully go away
as reports self-ratify. If not, we can handle them separately. In
particular: 1. I wasn't sure what to do about Proposal 8277's possible
distribution, and 2. reports may have self-ratified during that
period.

end comment]

Within the text of this proposal, The Troubles is defined as the period
starting at 00:15 UTC on Dec 14, 2019 and ending at 01:45 UTC on Dec
28, 2019.

Destroy any Coins that were earned during The Troubles and/or as
rewards for documents published during The Troubles.

Reverse any changes to Karma that happened during The Troubles.

If the Officeholder of Comptroller has not changed since the end of
The Troubles, set it to vacant.

Destroy any CFJs created during The Troubles.
