PROPOSAL 8310 (Deputisation timeliness)
AUTHOR: Janet
FOR (1): Gaelan
AGAINST (4): Alexis, Falsifian$, Janet, Rance
PRESENT (4): Aspen, Bernie, omd, twg
BALLOTS: 9
AI (F/A): 3/13 (AI=3.0)
POPULARITY: -0.333
OUTCOME: REJECTED
[
Bernie: Endorsement of twg
Rance: Endorsement of Janet
]

Resolved at: https://mailman.agoranomic.org/cgi-bin/mailman/private/agora-official/2020-February/013430.html

ID: 8310
Title: Deputisation timeliness
Adoption index: 3.0
Author: Janet
Co-authors: Alexis


Amend Rule 2160 to read, in whole:

{

  A player acting as emself (the deputy) CAN perform an action ordinarily
  reserved for an office-holder as if e held the office if

  1. the player does not hold that office;

  2. it would be POSSIBLE for the deputy to perform the action, other than
  by deputisation, if e held the office;

  3. either (i) there exists an obligation on the holder of that office,
  by virtue of holding that office, to perform the action, or (ii) the
  office is vacant;

  4. either (i) a time limit applicable to that obligation has been
  violated, and the end of that time limit was fewer than 90 days ago, or
  (ii) the office is vacant;

  5. if the office is not interim, the deputy announced between two and
  fourteen days earlier that e intended to deputise for that office for
  the purposes of the particular action; and

  6. the deputy, when performing the action, announces that e is doing so
  by deputisation or by temporary deputisation.


  When a player deputises for an elected office, e becomes the holder of
  that office, unless the action being performed would already install
  someone into that office, and/or unless the deputisation is temporary.

}

[

Added a prohibition on someone for deputising for an office that e
already holds (this was something I thought of, but then I realized it
violate all of the exacerbating factors in R2557.

Rephrased the time limit checks based on Alexis's suggested wording,
also adding a 90-day statute of limitations.

Removed the requirement for prior announcement for most deputisations,
only kept it for non-interim holders (also per Alexis's suggestion).

]
