PROPOSAL 8315 (Clearer Resolutions)
AUTHOR: Alexis
CLASS: DEMOCRATIC
FOR (2): Alexis, Gaelan
AGAINST (7): Aris, Bernie, Falsifian$, Jason, Rance, omd, twg
PRESENT (0): 
BALLOTS: 9
AI (F/A): 6/22 (AI=3.0)
POPULARITY: -0.556
OUTCOME: REJECTED
[
Aris: Endorsement of Jason
Bernie: Endorsement of twg
Gaelan: Endorsement of Alexis
Rance: Endorsement of Jason
twg: Conditional resolved: No such proposal was submitted
]

Resolved at: https://mailman.agoranomic.org/cgi-bin/mailman/private/agora-official/2020-February/013430.html

ID: 8315
Title: Clearer Resolutions
Adoption index: 3.0
Author: Alexis
Co-authors: 


Amend Rule 208 (Resolving Agoran Decisions) by replacing the third and
fourth items in the list with the following:
{
  3. It specifies the quorum of the decision.

  4. It specifies all the valid ballots, and no invalid ballots, on that
  decision, as of the end of the voting period, including each ballot's
  author, eir voting strength, its vote, and, if the vote is a conditional
  one, the unconditional vote to which it is evaluated.

  5. The total strength of all ballots cast for each non-PRESENT option.

  6. It specifies the outcome, as defined by other rules.
}

[Note that the existing "more than one option" text is basically
tautologically true and practically useless anyway. PRESENT is an option,
so only a decision with no other options would only have one. And even if
we changed it, we short-circuit single-candidate elections so we might as
well just drop that text.

This is the main point of the proposal; I apologize to the Assessor that e
does perhaps not wish to do the additional work here, but it was a
longstanding Assessor practice and, as we are getting into the space of
highly variable voting power again, quite necessary.]

Amend Rule 683 (Voting on Agoran Decisions) by appending the following
paragraph to the end of the rule:
{
  When used in reference to a person who has cast a vote on an Agoran
  decision, rather than to a person who is eligible to or otherwise might
  cast a vote, the term "voter" refers only to a person who has a valid
  ballot on that decision.
}

[This is slightly different from the existing definition, as it includes
people whose votes were not valid but became valid, but such a scenario
shouldn't happen and in any case, this lines up with existing language so
as to prevent a weird situation where a person's vote counts towards the
result but not quorum.]

Amend Rule 955 (Determining the Will of Agora) by replacing the text "The
outcome of a decision is determined when it is resolved, and cannot change
thereafter." with "The outcome of a decision is fixed at the end of its
voting period, after evaluating all votes whose values are determined only
at the end of the voting period, and cannot change thereafter."

[This prevents manipulation of voting strength post-decision from affecting
the result because that's an absurd amount of power to offer an Assessor,
to be able to delay or otherwise manipulate the timing of resolutions so as
to modify voting strength after a resolution. It also simplifies eir job
considerably by not requiring em to take into account the effects of
proposals on voting strength as e resolves them, especially if a CoE
results in different ordering of proposals.]

Amend Rule 2034 (Vote Protection and Cutoff for Challenges) to read:
{
  A public message purporting to resolve an Agoran decision is a
  self-ratifying attestation that:

  1. such a decision existed;
  2. it had the outcome indicated;
  3. if the indicated outcome was to adopt a proposal, that such a decision
  existed, was adopted, and took effect by virtue of the resolution;
  4. if the indicated outcome was to elect a person to an office and if the
  person was eligible for that office, that that person won the election and
  took office.
}
