PROPOSAL 8317 (Zombie trade)
AUTHOR: Aris
CLASS: ORDINARY
CHAMBER: ECONOMY
FOR (5): Alexis%, Bernie, Gaelan, omd, twg&
AGAINST (6): Aris, Falsifian$, G., Jason, Rance, o
PRESENT (0): 
BALLOTS: 11
AI (F/A): 21/19 (AI=1.0)
POPULARITY: -0.091
OUTCOME: ADOPTED
[
Bernie: Endorsement of twg
Rance: Endorsement of Jason
twg: Endorsement of Alexis
]

Resolved at: https://mailman.agoranomic.org/cgi-bin/mailman/private/agora-official/2020-February/013430.html

ID: 8317
Title: Zombie trade
Adoption index: 1.0
Author: Aris
Co-authors: 


[This proposal allows zombies to collect the fruits of their zombie
auctions, and to allow players to voluntarily enter servitude. Yes, it does
make buying a zombie a risky business!]

Amend Rule 2483 (Economics) by replacing "Agora, players, and contracts"
with "Agora, players, zombie trusts, and contracts".

Amend Rule 2532 (Zombies) by:
- appending "A player CAN, without 3 objections, flip eir own master switch
    to any other player. Other players SHOULD NOT object unless they believe
    that the intent is part of an attempt to flood Agora with the undead."
- inserting "- flip eir master switch;" in the list after the first item
- replacing "A zombie's master CAN flip that zombie's master switch to
    Agora by announcement." with "A zombie's master CAN flip that zombie's
    master switch to Agora or to any player who does not own any zombies by
    announcement."; and
- replacing "resale value" with "integrity".

Amend Rule 2574 (Zombie Life Cycle) by:
- replacing the first two paragraphs with: {
  Any player CAN, with notice, putrefy player who has not made a public
  announcement in the past 60 days. When a player is putrefied:
    - if e is not a zombie, eir master switch is flipped to Agora; and then
    - eir integrity is set to 2.

  Integrity is a secured switch for zombies, tracked by the Registrar, with
  possible values of the natural numbers and "well-maintained" (default). If
  an integrity switch would be modified in a manner that assumes it is
  already a number, such as to increase or decrease it, such a modification
  leaves "well-maintained" as-is. Whenever a zombie's master switch is
  flipped from Agora to a player other than emself, eir integrity is
  decreased by 1. At the end of a zombie auction, every zombie that is an
  excess lot in that auction has eir integrity decreased by 1.
};
- inserting "- if a zombie is master to another zombie, flipping the second
    zombie's master switch to Agora;" after the second item in the list; and
- replacing "resale value" with "integrity" throughout the rule.

Amend Rule 1885 (Zombie Auctions) by:
- replacing "resale value" with "integrity";
- appending "When the winner of a zombie auction pays Agora to fulfill eir
    obligation to satisfy eir bid, the coins so transferred are immediately
    transferred into trust for the zombie."

Create a new power-2 Rule entitled "Zombie Trusts":
{
  Each zombie has a zombie trust, an entity referred to as the "<zombie name>
  Trust". To place assets "in trust" to a zombie is to transfer those assets
  to that zombie's trust, and similarly for other similar language.

  When an active player becomes a zombie, all of eir coins are transferred
  into eir zombie trust unless e flipped eir master switch emself and
  specified otherwise in the same message. Whenever a zombie becomes active,
  all coins held in trust for em are transferred to em immediately before eir
  trust ceases to exist.
}
