PROPOSAL 8360 (Social Distancing)
AUTHOR: Alexis
CLASS: DEMOCRATIC
FOR (11): Alexis, Aspen, Falsifian, G., Janet, Murphy, Publius Scribonius Scholasticus, R. Lee, Rance, o, sukil
AGAINST (0): 
PRESENT (0): 
BALLOTS: 11
AI (F/A): 33/0 (AI=3.0)
POPULARITY: 1.000
OUTCOME: ADOPTED
[
Falsifian: Endorsement of Alexis
Rance: Endorsement of Janet
o: Endorsement of G.
]

Resolved at: https://mailman.agoranomic.org/cgi-bin/mailman/private/agora-official/2020-April/013569.html

ID: 8360
Title: Social Distancing
Adoption index: 3.0
Author: Alexis
Co-authors: 


Enact a new power-3.01 rule entitled "Eclipse Light", reading as follows:
{{
  An emergency message is one whose subject line contains the text
"[Emergency]".

  The Prime Minister CAN, in an emergency message and with 3 Agoran
  consent, enact, amend, or repeal Emergency Regulations, provided that
  the intent to do so was also contained in an emergency message.

  Emergency Regulations CAN:
    - Extend any deadline provided for by any instrument other than this
  rule, including a deadline for an obligation to be met, or deadline
  prior to which an action must be performed in order to be valid, such
  as the end of voting period. Such an extension CANNOT cause the total
  time period, such as the time from when an obligation was created to
  the deadline or the whole of a voting period, to be more than double
  its original length.
    - Create, destroy, or transfer assets, or require or forbid their
  creation, destruction, or transfer.
    - Cause one or more players to win Agora.
    - Appoint or remove officeholders.
    - Modify the Festivity.
    - Award Patent Titles not mentioned in any Rule and Badges.
    - Modify the Publicity of Fora.

  The Prime Minister CAN, in an emergency message and with 4 Agoran
  Consent, provided that the intent to do so was also contained in an
  emergency message, Extend the Emergency.

  If the Prime Minister has not Extended the Emergency in the past
  month, any player CAN cause this rule to repeal all Emergency
  Regulations and then itself.

  If the Prime Minister has not sent a message to a public forum in the
  preceding four days, the Speaker CAN exercise eir powers under this
  rule as if e were the Prime Minister, and notwithstanding any rule
  that would prohibit a single player from holding both offices.
}}

[I don't think we actually need an emergency rule. But deadline
extensions might be nice, and I figure a little bit of levity might
help us all.]

[Knowing us, we will manage to not only pass it too late, but also too soon.]
