PROPOSAL 8398 (More conservative implicit announcements)
AUTHOR: Murphy
CLASS: DEMOCRATIC
FOR (3): ATMunn, Aspen, Murphy
AGAINST (4): G., Janet, Publius Scribonius Scholasticus, Trigon$
PRESENT (3): Falsifian, R. Lee, nix
BALLOTS: 10
AI (F/A): 9/13 (AI=3.0)
POPULARITY: -0.100
OUTCOME: REJECTED

Resolved at: https://mailman.agoranomic.org/cgi-bin/mailman/private/agora-official/2020-June/013727.html

ID: 8398
Title: More conservative implicit announcements
Adoption index: 3.0
Author: Murphy
Co-authors: nix, G.


Amend Rule 478 (Fora) by appending this text:

  Stating that a person "CAN and SHALL" perform an action, without
  stating a method, implies "by announcement".

[R1023(1) already covers implicit "in a timely fashion".]

Amend Rule 2141 (Role and Attributes of Rules) by replacing this text:

  the Rulekeepor CAN and SHALL assign a title to it by announcement
  in a timely fashion.

with this text:

  the Rulekeepor CAN and SHALL assign a title to it.

Amend Rule 107 (Initiating Agoran Decisions) by replacing this text:

  The vote collector for a decision with less than two options
  CAN and SHALL end the voting period by announcement, if it has not
  ended already, and provided that e resolves the decision in the
  same message.

with this text:

  The vote collector for a decision with less than two options
  CAN and SHALL end the voting period, if it has not ended already,
  and provided that e resolves the decision in the same message.

Amend Rule 991 (Calls for Judgement) by replacing this text:

  When a CFJ's judge is unassigned, the Arbitor CAN assign any
  eligible player to be its judge by announcement, and SHALL do so
  in a timely fashion.

with this text:

  When a CFJ's judge is unassigned, the Arbitor CAN and SHALL assign
  any eligible player to be its judge.

Amend Rule 591 (Delivering Judgements) by replacing this text:

  When a CFJ is open and assigned to a judge, that judge CAN assign
  a valid judgement to it by announcement, and SHALL do so in a
  timely fashion after this becomes possible.

with this text:

  When a CFJ is open and assigned to a judge, that judge CAN and
  SHALL assign a valid judgement to it by announcement.

[Rules 2496 and 2602 use "CAN once" and "SHALL in an officially timely
fashion", so leaving those out for now.]
