PROPOSAL 8402 (Promises)
AUTHOR: Aspen
CLASS: DEMOCRATIC
FOR (5): Aspen, Falsifian, Janet, Murphy, Publius Scribonius Scholasticus
AGAINST (1): R. Lee
PRESENT (4): ATMunn, G., Trigon$, nix
BALLOTS: 10
AI (F/A): 15/3 (AI=3.0)
POPULARITY: 0.400
OUTCOME: ADOPTED
[
Falsifian: Endorsement of Aspen
]

Resolved at: https://mailman.agoranomic.org/cgi-bin/mailman/private/agora-official/2020-June/013727.html

ID: 8402
Title: Promises
Adoption index: 3.0
Author: Aspen
Co-authors: Falsifian


Enact a new power 2.2 rule, entitled "Promises", with the following text:

  Promises are a class of assets, tracked by the Notary. Their essential
  attributes are their text and creator. A person CAN, by announcement,
  acting as emself, grant emself a promise, specifying its text and becoming its
  creator. A promise's owner is referred to as its bearer. Promises with the
  same text, creator, and bearer are fungible. Promises with the same text and
  creator SHOULD be referred to by the same title, but the title is not an
  essential attribute of the promise, just a way of referring to it.

  A promise's bearer CAN, by announcement, cash the promise,
  provided that any conditions for cashing it specified by its text are
  unambiguously met. By doing so, e acts on the creator of
  the promise's behalf, causing the creator to act as if e published the
  promise's text, and destroys the promise. The bearer SHOULD recite the
  promise's essential attributes in the same message e cashes it.

  In a promise's text, "the bearer" (or the like) refers to the promise's
  bearer, and "this promise" (or the like) refers to the promise. The text of
  the promise can refer to the context of the message in which it is cashed,
  but the context of the message does not otherwise change the meaning of
  the promise.

  The Library is an entity and CAN own promises. Any player CAN take a specified
  promise from the Library by announcement, provided e cashes the promise in the
  same message. Any player CAN revoke a specified promise from the Library
  without objection.


Amend Rule 2608, "The Notary", by changing the numbered list to read as
follows:

  1. every pledge, along with its title, creator, time window, time
     of creation, and time of expiry;
  2. every contract, with its title, full provisions, and parties; and
  3. every promise, along with its title, text, creator, and bearer.

Amend Rule 2466, "Acting on Behalf", by changing the text

  "A person CANNOT act on behalf of another person to do anything except
   perform a game action; in particular, a person CANNOT act on behalf of
   another person to send a message, only to perform specific actions that
   might be taken within a message."
to read
  "A person CANNOT act on behalf of another person to do anything except
   perform a game action; in particular, a person CANNOT act on behalf of
   another person to send a message, only to perform specific actions that
   might be taken within a message, including actions that would otherwise
   be taken by publishing certain text."

Amend Rule 2519, "Consent", by changing it to read in full:

  A person is deemed to have consented to an action if and only if,
  at the time the action took place:

    1. e, acting as emself, has publicly stated that e agrees to the
       action and not subsequently publicly withdrawn eir statement;
    2. e is party to a contract whose body explicitly and
       unambiguously indicates eir consent;
    3. the action is taken as part of a promise which e created; or
    4. it is reasonably clear from context that e wanted the
       action to take place or assented to it taking place.
