PROPOSAL 8404 (High Crimes and Treason)
AUTHOR: Publius Scribonius Scholasticus
CLASS: ORDINARY
CHAMBER: JUSTICE
FOR (4): ATMunn, Janet, Murphy, Publius Scribonius Scholasticus%
AGAINST (2): R. Lee, nix
PRESENT (4): Aris%, Falsifian, G.%, Trigon^
BALLOTS: 10
AI (F/A): 14/6 (AI=1.7)
POPULARITY: 0.200
OUTCOME: ADOPTED

Resolved at: https://mailman.agoranomic.org/cgi-bin/mailman/private/agora-official/2020-June/013727.html

ID: 8404
Title: High Crimes and Treason
Adoption index: 1.7
Author: Publius Scribonius Scholasticus
Co-authors: G., Janet, Murphy


Amend Rule 2478 by appending the following text to the end of the rule:

  A high crime is any crime specified as being class 4 or greater.
  The Referee CANNOT levy the Cold Hand of Justice to punish a high
  crime, notwithstanding Rule 2478.

Amend Rule 2478 by amending the list to read in full:

  - Imposing the Cold Hand of Justice on the perp for the cited rule
    violation, as described elsewhere;

  - Issuing an Indictment against the perp for the cited rule
    violation, as described elsewhere; or

  - if e believes that no rules violation occurred or that it would
    be ILLEGAL or INEFFECTIVE to levy a fine for it, announcing the
    Finger Pointing to be Shenanigans.

Create a new AI-1.7 rule, "Indictment", with the following text:

  When the rules authorize an investigator to issue an Indictment
  for a violation, e CAN do so by announcement, specifying a fine of
  blots to be issued and the perpetrator and making an argument for
  the conviction of the accused.

  When an investigator has issued an Indictment, the perpetrator
  CAN state a defence. Within 10 days but no less than 4 days after
  the indictment has been issued, the judge SHALL initiate two Agoran
  Decisions, one to determine whether to convict the perpetrator and
  one to determine whether to accept the indictment. For these
  decision, the vote collector is the Judge and the voting method is
  AI-majority with AI=1.5. When initiating the decisions, the Judge
  SHALL, in the same message, publish the full texts of the
  Indictment and the defence. If both decisions are resolved as ADOPTED,
  the investigator CAN and SHALL impose the fine stated in the
  indictment. If the decision to convict is resolved as ADOPTED but the
  decision to accept is resolved as REJECTED, the investigator CAN issue
  a new Indictment. If the decision to convict is resolved as REJECTED,
  a fine SHALL NOT be imposed for the crime stated in the indictment.

  The Judge of the Indictment is the first of the following players
  who is neither the investigator nor the perp: the Arbitor, the
  Speaker, the Prime Minister. If this still fails to specify a
  player, then the Indictment lacks a Judge until that changes.
