PROPOSAL 8407 (no stinking auction definitions)
AUTHOR: G.
CLASS: ORDINARY
CHAMBER: ECONOMY
FOR (7): Aspen%, Falsifian, G., Janet, Publius Scribonius Scholasticus, R. Lee%, Trigon=
AGAINST (0): 
PRESENT (2): ATMunn, nix
BALLOTS: 9
AI (F/A): 32/0 (AI=2.0)
POPULARITY: 0.778
OUTCOME: ADOPTED
[
Falsifian: Endorsement of G.
]

Resolved at: https://mailman.agoranomic.org/cgi-bin/mailman/private/agora-official/2020-June/013771.html

ID: 8407
Title: no stinking auction definitions
Adoption index: 2.0
Author: G.
Co-authors: 


Repeal Rule 2584 (Free Auctions)
Repeal Rule 2552 (Auction Termination)
Repeal Rule 2551 (Auction End)
Repeal Rule 2550 (Bidding)
Repeal Rule 2549 (Auction Initiation)

Amend Rule 2545 (Auctions) to read in full:

  An auction is a way for entities to give away specified assets
  (items), grouped into lots, in exchange for a currency. A lot is a
  non-empty list of items to be transferred to a single recipient
  (an auction winner).

  When the rules authorize a person (the auctioneer) to conduct an
  auction, e CAN do so by any wholly public method that would be
  generally recognizable, as specified by the auctioneer at the
  start of the auction, and under common definitions and terms used
  in auctions, as a fair, equitable, and timely means of determining
  the auction winners from among the current players, and enabling
  the appropriate exchange of goods.

  The rule that authorizes the auction further authorizes the
  auctioneer or auction winners to transfer said items as necessary
  to conduct the auction in a manner consistent with the auction
  method. If the authorization is to auction "new" items, it further
  authorizes the creation of said items as per the chosen method.

  The Treasuror is the promulgator for regulations that define
  specific auction methods (i.e. "the default auction method") and
  SHOULD do in order to aid trade and commerce.  For the purposes of
  interpreting auction definitions, such methods are treated as if
  they are defined in this rule. To further aid trade and commerce,
  auction methods should be interpreted in the name of fairness with
  deference to the method's clear intent, if intent can be
  reasonably inferred.
