PROPOSAL 8409 (College of Letters, Arts, and Sciences)
AUTHOR: Aspen
CLASS: DEMOCRATIC
FOR (10): ATMunn, Aspen, Cuddle Beam, Falsifian, G., Jason, Publius Scribonius Scholasticus, Trigon$, nix, twg
AGAINST (0): 
PRESENT (2): R. Lee, Tcbapo
BALLOTS: 12
AI (F/A): 31/0 (AI=3.0)
POPULARITY: 0.833
OUTCOME: ADOPTED
[
Tcbapo: Endorsement of R. Lee
twg: Endorsement of G.
]

Resolved at: https://mailman.agoranomic.org/cgi-bin/mailman/private/agora-official/2020-June/013796.html

ID: 8409
Title: College of Letters, Arts, and Sciences
Adoption index: 3.0
Author: Aspen
Co-authors: 


[I fixed the problems pointed out with the last version. I also added an
A.N.A. degree (I hadn't done so previously, because I thought it was
unnecessary, but exceptions are messy). I rephrased and reordered some things
too.]

Amend Rule 1367, "Degrees", by changing it to read as follows:

Certain patent titles are known as degrees. The degrees are

  - Associate of Nomic Artistry        (A.N.A.)
  - Associate of Nomic                 (A.N.)
  - Juris Doctorate of Nomic           (J.N.)
  - Baccalaureate of Nomic Artistry    (B.N.A.)
  - Baccalaureate of Nomic             (B.N.)
  - Magisteriate of Nomic Artistry     (M.N.A)
  - Magisteriate of Nomic              (M.N.)
  - Doctorate of Nomic Artistry        (D.N.Art.)
  - Doctorate of Nomic History         (D.N.Hist.)
  - Doctorate of Nomic Law             (D.N.Law.)
  - Doctorate of Nomic Science         (D.N.Sci.)
  - Doctorate of Nomic Philosophy      (D.N.Phil.)

  There are four classes of degrees, ranked in ascending order of merit:
  Associate degrees (A.N.A. and A.N.), Baccalaureate degrees
  (J.N through B.N.), Magisteriate degrees (M.N.A and M.N), and
  Doctorate degrees (D.N.Art. through D.N.Phil.).

  A specified degree CAN be awarded by any player other than the
  awardee, with 2 Agoran consent. It SHOULD only be awarded for the
  publication of an original thesis of scholarly worth (including
  responses to peer-review), published with explicit intent to
  qualify for a degree. The Herald SHOULD coordinate the peer-review
  process and the awarding of degrees.

  Degrees SHOULD be awarded according to the extent to which the thesis
  contributes to Nomic culture or thought: Associate degrees for an
  appreciable contribution, Baccalaureate degrees for a substantial
  contribution, Magisteriate degrees for a remarkable contribution, and
  Doctorate degrees for an exceptional contribution. Any degree at the
  Doctorate level SHOULD take into account the awardee's academic history
  and participation in Agora over time.

  Theses for Artistry degrees SHOULD demonstrate substantial creativity
  and need not be in written form. Theses for all other degrees SHOULD
  demonstrate substantial research or analysis. J.N. and D.N.Law are
  appropriate for high-quality legal analysis, of the sort typical to CFJs,
  but exceeding an ordinary CFJ in depth. The D.N.Hist. degree is
  appropriate for historical research, especially when it presents a
  narrative that educates Agorans about the events of the past. The D.N.Sci.
  degree is appropriate for theses that demonstrate concrete or scientific
  thinking, whereas the D.N.Phil. is appropriate for theses that demonstrate
  abstract or philosophical thinking.

Rename every instance of the first listed patent title on each row to the
second listed patent title on each row:

- Juris Doctor of Nomic, Juris Doctorate of Nomic
- Doctor of Nomic History, Doctorate of Nomic History
- Doctor of Nomic Law, Doctorate of Nomic Law
- Doctor of Nomic Science, Doctorate of Nomic Science
- Doctor of Nomic Philosophy, Doctorate of Nomic Philosophy
