PROPOSAL 8418 (Referenda)
AUTHOR: Aris
CLASS: DEMOCRATIC
FOR (7): Aris, Cuddle Beam, G., Publius Scribonius Scholasticus, R. Lee, Tcbapo, twg
AGAINST (1): Trigon$
PRESENT (4): ATMunn, Falsifian, Jason, nix
BALLOTS: 12
AI (F/A): 21/4 (AI=3.0)
POPULARITY: 0.500
OUTCOME: ADOPTED
[
Tcbapo: Endorsement of R. Lee
twg: Endorsement of G.
]

Resolved at: https://mailman.agoranomic.org/cgi-bin/mailman/private/agora-official/2020-June/013796.html

ID: 8418
Title: Referenda
Adoption index: 3.0
Author: Aris
Co-authors: 


Amend Rule 1607, "Distribution", by replacing:

  Determining whether to adopt a proposal is an Agoran decision. For
  this decision, the vote collector is the Assessor, the adoption
  index is initially the adoption index of the proposal, or 1.0 if
  the proposal does not have one, and the text, author, coauthors,
  class and (if applicable) chamber of the proposal are essential
  parameters. Initiating such a decision is known as distribution,
  and removes the proposal from the Proposal Pool.

with:

  A referendum is the Agoran decision to determine whether to adopt a proposal.
  For this decision, the vote collector is the Assessor, the adoption index is
  initially the adoption index of the proposal, or 1.0 if the proposal does not
  have one, and the text, author, coauthors, class and (if applicable) chamber
  of the proposal are essential parameters. Initiating a referendum is known
  as distribution, and removes the proposal from the Proposal Pool.

Amend Rule 2606, "Proposal Classes", by changing the text "Agoran decision on
its adoption" to read "referendum on it".

Amend Rule 2607, "Proposal Chambers", by changing the text "Agoran decision on
its adoption" to read "referendum on it".

Amend Rule 106, "Adopting Proposals", by changing the text "a decision about
whether to adopt a proposal" to read "a referendum on a proposal".

Amend Rule 879, "Quorum", by changing the text "the Agoran decision on whether
to adopt a proposal" to read "the referendum".

Amend Rule 2168, "Extending the voting period", by changing the text
"whether to adopt a proposal" to read "a referendum on a proposal".

Amend Rule 2496, Rewards, by changing the text "FOR the decision" to read
"FOR the referendum" and replacing:
  Resolving an Agoran Decision on whether to adopt a proposal,
  provided that no other Agoran Decision on whether to adopt that
  or any other proposal had been resolved earlier in that Agoran
  week: 5 coins (ADoP).
with:
  Resolving a referendum, provided that no other referendum had been resolved
  earlier in that Agoran week: 5 coins (ADoP).

Amend Rule 2438, "Ribbons", by changing the text "an Agoran Decision" to
read "a referendum".

If the proposal entitled "Properly Prioritized Popular Proposal Proposer
Privilege" has passed:
  Amend the Rule entitled "Popular Proposal Proposer Privilege" by changing it
  to read in full:
    For a referendum, let F be the total number of valid ballots resolving to
    FOR, A be the same for AGAINST, and T be the total number of valid ballots.
    The referendum's popularity is equal to (F - A)/T. The Assessor SHOULD
    publish the popularity of each referendum when resolving it.

    The player who proposed the adopted proposal whose referendum had
    the greatest popularity among all referenda assessed in the last 7 days CAN
    once earn one Legislative Card by announcement, provided that no referendum
    initiated in the same message as it remains unresolved. If there is a tie,
    all authors of the tied proposals can do so once each.
Otherwise:
  Amend the rule entitled "Popular Proposal Proposer Privilege" by
  changing the text "provided that no decision on whether to adopt any proposal
  distributed in the same message remains open." to read "provided that
  no referendum initiated in the same message remains open."

[Note: One of these will fail.]

Amend Rule 2350, "Proposals", by changing the text "If a decision of whether to
adopt a proposal was resolved as FAILED QUORUM in the last seven days"
to read "If a referendum on a proposal was resolved as FAILED QUORUM in the
last seven days".

Amend the rule entitled "Proposal Recycling" by changing "If a
decision of whether
to adopt a proposal was resolved as FAILED QUORUM in the last seven days"
to read "If a referendum on a proposal was resolved as FAILED QUORUM in the
last seven days".
