PROPOSAL 8419 (Executive Expansion)
AUTHOR: Aspen
CLASS: ORDINARY
CHAMBER: EFFICIENCY
FOR (8): ATMunn, Aspen%, Cuddle Beam, Falsifian%, G., Jason%, Publius Scribonius Scholasticus, twg
AGAINST (4): R. Lee%, Tcbapo, Trigon^, nix
PRESENT (0): 
BALLOTS: 12
AI (F/A): 30/17 (AI=2.0)
POPULARITY: 0.333
OUTCOME: REJECTED
[
Tcbapo: Endorsement of R. Lee
twg: Endorsement of G.
]

Resolved at: https://mailman.agoranomic.org/cgi-bin/mailman/private/agora-official/2020-June/013796.html

ID: 8419
Title: Executive Expansion
Adoption index: 2.0
Author: Aspen
Co-authors: 


Amend Rule 2451, "Executive Orders", to read in full:

  Once per week, except as otherwise forbidden by this rule, the
  current Prime Minister CAN issue a Cabinet Order by announcement
  to cause the effect specified by the order. The Prime Minister
  CANNOT issue the same executive order more than once in a month.

  The available Cabinet Orders are:

  - Certiorari: The Prime Minister assigns emself as judge
    of a specified open case.

  - Corram Vobis: The Prime Minister enters a specified case, the current
    judgement of which was assigned within the past quarter, into Moot.

  - Dive: The Prime Minister levies a fine of 2 on a
    specified player. Rules to the contrary notwithstanding, the
    reason for the fine MAY be any grievance held by the Prime
    Minister, not necessarily a violation of the rules, against the
    person to whom the fine is levied.

  - Imprimatur: The Prime Minister acts on behalf of the vote collector
    of an Agoran Decision to resolve that decision.

  - Manifesto: The Prime Minister distributes a specified
    proposal in the Proposal Pool.

  - Pardon: N of a person's blots are expunged, where N is the number
    of blots e received from a specified fine that has not previously been
    pardoned. This power SHOULD be used only when extraordinary factors counsel
    in favor of clemency, and any further mention of the fine SHOULD
    include the fact that it has been pardoned.

  - Reshuffle: The Prime Minister initiates elections for a specified
    set of elected offices.
