PROPOSAL 8432 (The Administrative State)
AUTHOR: Aspen
CLASS: DEMOCRATIC
FOR (2): Aspen, Publius Scribonius Scholasticus
AGAINST (4): G.$, Janet, Trigon, twg
PRESENT (6): ATMunn, Falsifian, Murphy, R. Lee, Tcbapo, nix
BALLOTS: 12
AI (F/A): 6/13 (AI=3.0)
POPULARITY: -0.167
OUTCOME: REJECTED
[
Janet: Endorsement of G.
Tcbapo: Endorsement of R. Lee
twg: Endorsement of G.
]

Resolved at: https://mailman.agoranomic.org/cgi-bin/mailman/private/agora-official/2020-June/013811.html

ID: 8432
Title: The Administrative State
Adoption index: 3.0
Author: Aspen
Co-authors: Alexis, Falsifian


Amend Rule 1728, "Dependent Action Methods", by adding as new list item
after the third list item:

  3. with N official consent, where N is an integer multiple of 0.1
     with a minimum of 1 ("With official consent" is shorthand for this
     method with N = 1);
and renumbering the list accordingly.

Amend Rule 2595, "Performing a Dependent Action" by changing the text
"without N objections, with N Agoran consent," to read
"without N objections, with N Agoran consent, with N official consent,"

Amend Rule 2124, "Agoran Satisfaction", by adding as a new item at the end
of the list:

  4. The action is to be performed with N official consent, and the
     number of offices held by Supporters of the intent is less than or equal
     to N times the number of offices held by Objectors to the intent.
  5. The action is to be performed with N official consent, the Prime
     Minister is an Objector, and the Speaker is not a Supporter.

Enact a new power 2.0 rule entitled "The Administrative State", with the
following text:

  Each officer CAN, with 2 official consent, enact, amend, or repeal
  eir's own office's Administrative Regulations. Administrative Regulations
  have the following properties:

  1. An officer SHALL abide by eir office's administrative regulations in
     the discharge of eir office.
  2. Any player CAN act on behalf of an officer to exercise eir official
     powers as authorized by eir office's administrative regulations.
  3. All players SHOULD abide by an officer's administrative regulations
     in matters relating to eir area of responsibility.
