PROPOSAL 8442 (Barrel Barrel Badger Barrel)
AUTHOR: G.
CLASS: ORDINARY
CHAMBER: ECONOMY
FOR (7): ATMunn%, G.^, Jason, Murphy, Publius Scribonius Scholasticus, nix%, twg
AGAINST (1): R. Lee
PRESENT (2): Falsifian, Trigon&
BALLOTS: 10
AI (F/A): 28/3 (AI=1.0)
POPULARITY: 0.600
OUTCOME: ADOPTED
[
ATMunn: Endorsement of G.
nix: Endorsement of G.
twg: Endorsement of G.
]

Resolved at: https://mailman.agoranomic.org/cgi-bin/mailman/private/agora-official/2020-June/013879.html

ID: 8442
Title: Barrel Barrel Badger Barrel
Adoption index: 1.0
Author: G.
Co-authors: 


Create a power-1 rule, "The General Store", with the following text:

  Barrels are a currency tracked by the Coopor (an office) in eir
  monthly report. A player CAN Corner the Market by paying a fee of
  100 barrels.  When a player corners the market, e wins the game.

  A bargain is a specification consisting of a title, a payout (a
  number of barrels between 1 and 10), and a tender (a list of 6 or
  more rules-defined card types; a type may be repeated, with each
  repeat being a separate element on the list).

  A player CAN cash out a specified bargain that's "on the barrel",
  by announcement, provided that, in the same message, e paid cards
  (possibly spread over multiple sets) to successfully earn rules-
  defined products, and those cards match all of the cards types in
  that bargain's tender.  The payment of a particular card instance
  can only match a single tender element for the single cashing out
  of a bargain.

  When a player cashes out a bargain on the barrel, e earns the
  payout for that bargain.

  The Coopor CANNOT cash out a specific bargain in the 14 days
  after putting that bargain on the barrel.


Create a power-1 rule, "Bargains on the Barrel", with the
following text:

  If there are fewer than four bargains on the barrel, the Coopor
  CAN put a bargain on the barrel with notice.  If there are fewer
  than eight bargains on the barrel, the Coopor CAN put a bargain on
  the barrel with 3 support.

  The Coopor CAN take a bargain off the barrel without N objections,
  where N is the number of months, rounded up, since that bargain
  was last placed on the barrel.  Within 14 days after winning an
  election for Coopor, the Coopor CAN take any bargain off the
  barrel with notice.

  The Coopor's monthly report includes a list of all bargains on the
  barrel.  E SHOULD publish such a list whenever e adds or removes a
  bargain from the barrel.


There are no bargains on the barrel.

G. is hereby made Coopor.

An election for Coopor is hereby initiated.
