PROPOSAL 8459 (Talismans)
AUTHOR: Jason
CLASS: DEMOCRATIC
FOR (13): ATMunn, Cuddle Beam, Falsifian, G.$, Jason, Murphy, Publius Scribonius Scholasticus, R. Lee~, Tcbapo, Trigon, nix, omd, twg
AGAINST (0): 
PRESENT (0): 
BALLOTS: 13
AI (F/A): 37/0 (AI=3.0)
POPULARITY: 1.000
OUTCOME: ADOPTED
[
Falsifian: Endorsement of Jason
Tcbapo: Endorsement of R. Lee
twg: Endorsement of G.
]

ID: 8459
Title: Talismans
Adoption index: 3.0
Author: Jason
Co-authors: nix, Falsifian, G.


For the purposes of this proposal, a player's prior master is eir master
before this proposal applies any effects.

Amend Rule 2532 to read, in whole:
{

  A talisman is an indestructible asset, tracked by the Registrar, and
  with ownership wholly restricted to players and Agora. There exists
  exactly one talisman for each player, and no other talismans; if one
  does not exist for a certain player, it is created in eir posession.
  Talismans CAN only be transferred as explicitly specified by the rules.
  The creation, destruction, and transfer of talismans is secured.

  Rules to the contrary notwithstanding, a player CAN, by announcement,
  transfer the talisman for em to emself. The master of a player is the
  entity that possesses the talisman for em. A player who is eir own
  master is active; any other player is a zombie (syn. inactive).

  The master of a zombie CAN act on behalf of em, except a master CANNOT
  act on behalf of a zombie to:
      - initiate, support, object to, or perform a dependent action;
      - act on behalf of that zombie's zombies;
      - bid in a zombie auction;
      - enter a contract, pledge, or other type of agreement;
      - initiate a Call for Judgement;
      - create blots;
      - deregister.

  If a master causes a zombie to perform an ILLEGAL action, the master
  commits the Class 4+N Crime of Masterminding (where N is the class of
  the illegal action).

  If an active player who was a zombie has not received a Welcome Package
  since e most recently ceased being a zombie, and if eir resale value was
  less than 2 at any point during eir most recent time as a zombie, then
  any player CAN cause em to receive a Welcome Package by announcement.

}

Amend Rule 2574 to read, in whole:
{

  Any player CAN, with notice, transfer the talisman for an active player
  who has not made a public announcement in the past 60 days to Agora.

  Resale value is a secured natural switch for zombies, tracked by the
  Registrar, with a default value of 2. Whenever the talisman for a zombie
  is transferred to a player, that zombie's resale value is decreased by
  1. At the end of a zombie auction, the resale value of every zombie that
  is an excess lot in that auction decreases by 1.

  The talisman for a zombie with zero resale value CANNOT be transferred
  to any player other than that zombie.

  Any player CAN, with notice:
      - If a zombie has been a zombie for the past 90 days and not had
        Agora for a master during any of that time, transfer the talisman for
        em to Agora;
      - If a player possesses more than one talisman, specify and transfer
        one of those talismans to Agora;
      - Deregister a zombie whose resale value is zero and whose master is
        Agora.

  The Registrar SHALL track the date for each zombie on which Agora was
  most recently eir master. The Registrar SHALL perform all POSSIBLE
  actions in the preceding paragraph in a timely fashion after first
  reporting their possibility via the facts in eir weekly report.

}


Amend Rule 1885 to read, in whole:
{

  Whenever a zombie has Agora for a master and has a resale value greater
  than 0, and when eir talisman is not currently a lot in an auction and
  has not been won as an auction lot in the past 14 days, then the
  Registrar CAN put that zombie's talisman (along with any other talismans
  that fulfill the same conditions) up for auction.

  In a timely fashion after the beginning of each month, the Registrar
  SHALL either initiate such an auction or, if no talismans meeting these
  conditions existed at the beginning of the month, announce that no such
  auction is necessary.

  For such an auction, each lot consists of the talisman for one zombie,
  ordered at the discretion of the Registrar. The Registrar is the
  auctioneer, and the minimum bid is 1. The method to be used for this
  auction is the zombie auction method if such a method exists, or
  otherwise the default auction method.

}

Amend Rule 2575 by replacing the final sentence with
  "Rules to the contrary notwithstanding, the talisman for the Distributor
  is possessed by emself (and is transferred to em if it ever is not), and
  e CANNOT deregister or be deregistered."

For each player who is not eir own prior master, transfer the talisman
for em to eir prior master.
