PROPOSAL 8470 (Sponsored Proposals)
AUTHOR: nix
CLASS: ORDINARY
CHAMBER: LEGISLATION
FOR (8): ATMunn, Falsifian, G.^, Madrid, Murphy, Trigon, nix%, twg
AGAINST (4): Publius Scribonius Scholasticus, R. Lee~, Tcbapo, omd
PRESENT (1): Janet&
BALLOTS: 13
AI (F/A): 29/9 (AI=1.0)
POPULARITY: 0.308
OUTCOME: ADOPTED
[
Falsifian: Endorsement of nix
R. Lee: Conditional resolved: P8466 was adopted
Tcbapo: Endorsement of R. Lee
twg: Endorsement of G.
]

Resolved at: https://mailman.agoranomic.org/cgi-bin/mailman/private/agora-official/2020-July/013921.html

ID: 8470
Title: Sponsored Proposals
Adoption index: 1.0
Author: nix
Co-authors: G., Trigon


Amend R2622, "Pending Proposals", to read in full:

  Pended is an untracked negative boolean proposal switch.

  Any player CAN pay 1 Pendant to flip the Pended switch of a
  specified proposal to True. If the player did not create the
  proposal and is not listed in the list of co-authors of the
  proposal, e is added to the list of co-authors. When e does so,
  the proposal becomes sponsored.

  The Promotor CAN, with 2+X support, flip the Pended switch of a
  proposal in the Proposal Pool to true. For this, X is equal to the
  number of times e has done so in the past 7 days.

  Any player CAN, without objection, flip the Pended switch of a
  proposal in the Proposal Pool to true.

  A proposal with a Pended switch set to True is 'pending'.

Repeal R2626 "Certifiable Patches".

Amend R2623, "Popular Proposal Proposer Privilege", by replacing:

  The player who proposed the adopted proposal whose referendum had
  the greatest popularity among all referenda assessed in the last 7
  days CAN once earn one Legislative Card by announcement, provided
  that no referendum initiated in the same message as it remains
  unresolved. If there is a tie, all authors of the tied proposals
  can do so once each.

with:

  The author of the most popular sponsored proposal adopted in the
  last 7 days CAN once earn one Legislative Card by announcement,
  provided that no referenda initiated in the same message as it
  remain unresolved. If there is a tie, all authors of the tied
  proposals can do so once each.

Amend R2496, "Rewards", by replacing "an adopted proposal" with "an
adopted sponsored proposal".
