PROPOSAL 8503 (Assorted Obligatory Patches)
AUTHOR: Aspen
CLASS: ORDINARY
CHAMBER: JUSTICE
SPONSORED: YES
FOR (6): ATMunn, Aspen, Baron von Vanderham, Jason, Murphy, Telna
AGAINST (0): 
PRESENT (1): Falsifian
BALLOTS: 7
AI (F/A): 18/0 (AI=2.2)
POPULARITY: 0.857
OUTCOME: ADOPTED
[
Baron von Vanderham: Endorsement of Jason
Telna: Endorsement of Aspen
]

Resolved at: https://mailman.agoranomic.org/cgi-bin/mailman/private/agora-official/2020-September/014240.html

ID: 8503
Title: Assorted Obligatory Patches
Adoption index: 2.2
Author: Aspen
Co-authors: G., nix, Jason


Chamber: Justice


[Breaking pledges is currently not ILLEGAL. Pledges can arguably
be created without consent. Rule 2450 does not actually delegate
selection of crime class to the pledge at present, and simply fails to
specify its class if the pledge does.

Current text:
Rule 2450/9 (Power=1.7)
Pledges

  If a Player makes a clear public pledge (syn. Oath) to perform (or
  refrain from performing) certain actions, then breaking the pledge
  within the pledge's time window is the Class N crime of
  Oathbreaking, where N is 2 unless the pledge explicitly states
  otherwise. It is also Oathbreaking for a player to let a pledge
  expire without taking an action e pledged to do in that pledge.
  The time window of a pledge is 60 days, unless the pledge
  explicitly states otherwise. A pledge ceases to exist at the end
  of its time window.

  If breaking the pledge harms specific other parties, the Referee
  SHOULD solicit the opinion of those parties in determining an
  appropriate fine.

  The Notary CAN destroy a pledge Without Objection, but SHOULD NOT
  do so unless the pledge no longer serves any significant purpose.
]

Amend Rule 2450, "Pledges", by changing it to read in full:

  If a consenting Player makes a clear public pledge (syn. Oath) to perform
  (or refrain from performing) certain actions, then breaking the pledge
  is ILLEGAL; doing so is the Class N crime of Oathbreaking, where N is the
  value explicitly stated by the pledge, or 2 if the pledge does not explicitly
  state a value. Allowing a pledge to expire without carrying out an action
  one pledged to do in it constitutes breaking the pledge.

  The time window of a pledge is W days, where W is the value explicitly
  stated by the pledge, or 60 if the pledge does not explicitly state a
  value. A pledge ceases to exist at the end of its time window.

  If breaking the pledge harms specific other parties, the Referee
  SHOULD solicit the opinion of those parties in determining an
  appropriate fine.

  The Notary CAN destroy a pledge Without Objection, but SHOULD NOT
  do so unless the pledge no longer serves any significant purpose.


[Promises can arguably be created without consent. Currently the rule purports
to authorize non-player persons to create promises, which is pretty pointless
and doesn't really work because non-players can't own promises. In addition,
currently one must grant oneself a promise and then transfer it; this is an
unnecessary extra step.]

Amend Rule 2618, "Promises", by replacing:

  A person CAN, by announcement, grant emself a promise, specifying its text
  and becoming its creator.

with:

  A consenting player CAN, by announcement, grant a specified entity a promise,
  specifying its text and becoming its creator.

[Currently it is arguably the reports and the tabular data that is in violation
of the rule.]
Amend Rule 2143, "Official Reports and Duties", by replacing:

  Reports SHALL be published in plain text. Tabular data must line
  up properly when viewed in a monospaced font. Publishing a report
  that deviates from these restrictions is the Class 2 Crime of
  Making My Eyes Bleed.

with:

  An officer SHALL publish eir report in plain text, with tabular data lining
  up properly when viewed in a monospaced font. Publishing a report
  that deviates from these restrictions is the Class 2 Crime of
  Making My Eyes Bleed.
