PROPOSAL 8515 (adMinistration v1.1)
AUTHOR: nix
CLASS: ORDINARY
CHAMBER: ECONOMY
SPONSORED: YES
FOR (11): ATMunn&, Aspen, Baron von Vanderham, Falsifian, Gaelan@, Jason, Telna, Trigon&, nix, sukil, twg
AGAINST (0): 
PRESENT (3): D. Margaux, G.^, Publius Scribonius Scholasticus
BALLOTS: 14
AI (F/A): 40/0 (AI=2.0)
POPULARITY: 0.786
OUTCOME: ADOPTED
[
Baron von Vanderham: Endorsement of Jason
D. Margaux: Endorsement of G.
Falsifian: Endorsement of nix
Gaelan: Endorsement of nix
Telna: Endorsement of Aspen
sukil: Endorsement of Trigon
twg: Endorsement of Falsifian
]

Resolved at: https://mailman.agoranomic.org/cgi-bin/mailman/private/agora-official/2020-October/014335.html

ID: 8515
Title: adMinistration v1.1
Adoption index: 2.0
Author: nix
Co-authors: Trigon, Aspen


Amend R2605, "Ministries", to read in full:

  A Ministry is an entity defined as such by this rule. Each
  Ministry has a goal. The Ministries of Agora, and their goals,
  are as follows:

  A. Ministry of Compliance: Ensure players follow rules and
  voluntary agreements and receive appropriate sanctions when they
  do not.
  B. Ministry of Legislation: Enable and encourage gameplay
  related to the rules themselves.
  C. Ministry of Economy: Enable and encourage gameplay related to
  assets and currencies.
  D. Ministry of Legacy: Track and reward great Agoran
  achievements
  E. Ministry of Participation: Track information about the
  participation of people in Agora.

(Reworked the list to hopefully have a better distribution in offices
and proposals)

Enact a new Power=1 rule titled "The Ministor" with the following text:

  The Ministor is an office, tasked with overseeing gameplay
  related to Ministries. The Ministor SHALL publish eir monthly
  report in a timely manner from the beginning of the month.

Nix assumes the office of Ministor.

(New office with a special time sensitive monthly report, to ensure
these things are easy for players to keep up on)

Enact a new Power=2 rule titled "Office Interests" with the following
text:

  Ministry Interest (or just Interest) is a secured office switch,
  tracked by the Ministor in eir monthly report, whose possible
  values are lists of ministries, defaulting to the empty list. The
  Ministor CAN flip an office's Ministry Interests without
  objection.

  For each item of each office's Ministry Interest, that office's
  holder's voting strength is increased by 2 on proposals whose
  Ministry Impact is set to that Ministry.

(Note that this moves a duty that used to belong to ADoP to Ministor.
It just makes a bit more sense here.)

When this proposal passes flip the Ministry Interest switch of every
office to the value of that office's Interest switch immediately before
this proposal passed with the following changes, applied in order:

* replace every instance of "justice" with "compliance"
* replace every instance of "efficiency" with "participation"

(This will ensure that every office still has at least one interest,
but it will also change some switches in undesirable ways. I'll, as
Ministor, separately intend to fix a bunch of these offices' interests
to better match the new categories)

Enact a new Power=2 rule titled "Player Focuses" with the following
text:

  Ministry Focus (or just Focus) is a secured active player switch,
  tracked by the Ministor in eir monthly report, with possible values
  Unfocused (the default) and any Ministry.

  An active player CAN Plan to Flip eir own Ministry Focus,
  specifying any valid value for eir Ministry Focus, by
  announcement. At the beginning of a month, every active player's
  Ministry Focus is set to the value e mostly recently specified by
  Planning to Flip. If a player did not Plan to Flip eir Ministry
  Focus switch in the last month, it is not flipped.

(This, combined with the below rule, will take over the card grants
that offices used to get, making it less gerontocratic and more
strategic.)

Amend R2624, "Card Administration", to be titled "Focus Grants" and to
read in full:

  Each of the following Ministries has a Grant, listed below.

  Ministry of Compliance: 1 Justice Card
  Ministry of Legislation: 1 Legislative Card
  Ministry of Participation: 1 Voting Card
  Ministry of Economy: 50 coins divided by X, rounded up; where X
  is the number of players with their Ministry Focus set to
  Economy. The Ministor SHALL report this value in a timely manner
  after the beginning of the month.

  A player CAN once a month grant eir Ministry Focus' Grant to a
  specified player by announcement.

  The Ministor CAN, once a month and by announcement, and SHALL, in
  a timely manner from the beginning of the month, grant 1 Victory
  Card to a random player whose Ministry Focus is Legacy and 1
  Victory Point to every other player whose Ministry Focus is
  Legacy.

(This system replaces officer grants, in a way that involves a lot more
planning and strategy.)

Amend R2422, "Voting Strength", by replacing the last paragraph with:

  A player CAN Buy Strength by paying 1 Extra Vote and specifying a
  current Agoran decision on which e is a voter. For each time a
  player has Bought Strength on a decision, eir voting strength is
  1 greater on that decision. If the decision is on a proposal, and
  the proposal's chamber and the player's focus are the same value,
  then eir voting strength is instead 2 greater on that decision.
  A player CANNOT Buy Strength for the same decision more than 3
  times.

(Added a clause where if Focus=Chamber, you get 2 strength instead of
1. Flavorful, and potentially makes Extra Votes more useful. We'll
see.)
