PROPOSAL 8532 (Turn Undead v2)
AUTHOR: G.
CLASS: DEMOCRATIC
SPONSORED: YES
FOR (7): ATMunn, Falsifian, G., Gaelan, Jason, Murphy, Trigon
AGAINST (0): 
PRESENT (2): Aris, nix
BALLOTS: 9
AI (F/A): 21/0 (AI=3.0)
POPULARITY: 0.778
OUTCOME: ADOPTED
[
Falsifian: Endorsement of G.
Jason: Endorsement of G.
]

ID: 8532
Title: Turn Undead v2
Adoption index: 3.0
Author: G.
Co-authors: 


[
diffs from proto:
 - Made activity switchable in both directions at will.
 - Defined two verbs.
 - Adjusted time limits as suggested.
 - Added inactivity as a cfj recusal reason.
diffs from v1:
 - Made emailing a deregistree a SHOULD, but changed the method to
   w/o three objections, with the idea that if there's question
   about the email headers or whatever, objections can pragmatically
   handle the issue.
]

Create the following Rule, Activity:

  Activity is a player switch tracked by the Registrar, with values
  Active (default) and Inactive.  To flip a player's activity to
  active (inactive) is to activate (deactivate) em.  The date on
  which each player's activity was last changed is part of the
  Registrar's weekly report.

  A player CAN activate or deactivate emself by announcement.

  Any player CAN, with notice, make a player who has not made a
  public announcement in the past 30 days inactive.

  If a player has been inactive continuously for the past 60 days,
  then any player CAN deregister em without 3 objections. The
  Registrar SHOULD attempt to deregister players who meet this
  condition. The publication of intent for such a deregistration
  SHOULD be sent to the inactive player's registered email address
  at the same time that it is published.


Every player's activity is flipped to active [unneeded I think due
to default behavior, but precautionary?]


Amend Rule 2492 (Recusal) by appending the following text to the
second paragraph:
  The Arbitor CAN recuse an inactive or deregistered judge from a
  case by announcement.

Repeal Rule 2532 (Zombies).
Repeal Rule 2574 (Zombie Life Cycle).
Repeal Rule 2639 (Zombie Phase-Out).
Repeal Rule 1885 (Zombie Auctions).

Amend Rule 2472 (Office Incompatibilities) by deleting:
  A zombie is Overpowered if e holds one or more offices.

Amend Rule 2531 (Defendant's Rights) by deleting:
  (10) it attempts to levy a fine on a zombie for an action that
       its master performed on its behalf.

Amend Rule 2621 (VP Wins) by replacing "non-zombie"  with "active".

Amend Rule 2581 (Official Patent Titles) by deleting:
  - Necromancer, awardable by the Registrar to any player who makes
    such sufficient persistent legal use of zombies that rules need
    to be amended to prevent such practices.

[Checked all the other uses of "active" and "inactive" pertaining to
players, looked like all would work fine under this version]
