PROPOSAL 8533 (de-dictatorship)
AUTHOR: G.
CLASS: DEMOCRATIC
SPONSORED: YES
FOR (9): ATMunn, Aris, Falsifian, G., Gaelan, Jason, Murphy, Trigon, nix
AGAINST (0): 
PRESENT (0): 
BALLOTS: 9
AI (F/A): 27/0 (AI=3.0)
POPULARITY: 1.000
OUTCOME: ADOPTED
[
Falsifian: Endorsement of G.
]

Resolved at: https://mailman.agoranomic.org/cgi-bin/mailman/private/agora-official/2021-February/014606.html

ID: 8533
Title: de-dictatorship
Adoption index: 3.0
Author: G.
Co-authors: Jason, nix


Amend Rule 2614 (Eclipse Light) by appending the following paragraph:
  Rules to the contrary notwithstanding, Emergency Regulations
  CANNOT be enacted, amended, or repealed except as described in
  this Rule.


Amend Rule 683 (Voting on Agoran Decisions) by appending the following
sentence to the final paragraph:
  Submitting and withdrawing ballots is secured.


Amend Rule 955 (Determining the Will of Agora) by replacing:

  The strength of a ballot is the voting strength of the voter who cast
  it on that Agoran decision.

with:

  The strength of a ballot is the voting strength of the voter who cast
  it on that Agoran decision, as calculated at the end of that
  decision's voting period.


Change the power of Rule 2168 (Extending the Voting Period) to 2.


[Adding security to R107 makes a jumbled couple of paragraphs
so some logical re-arranging is needed.  I think no text was deleted or
modified other than adding the security.]

Amend Rule 107 (Initiating Agoran Decisions) by replacing:
  The publication of such a valid notice initiates the voting period
  for the decision. The voting period lasts for 7 days. The minimum
  voting period for a decision with at least two options is five
  days. The vote collector for a decision with less than two options
  CAN and SHALL end the voting period by announcement, if it has not
  ended already, and provided that e resolves the decision in the
  same message.

  The voting period for a decision cannot be set or changed to a
  duration longer than fourteen days.

with:

  The publication of such a valid notice initiates the voting period
  for the decision. The voting period lasts for 7 days. The minimum
  voting period for a decision with at least two options is five
  days. The voting period for a decision cannot be set or changed to
  a duration longer than fourteen days. Changing the length of a
  decision's voting period is secured at power 2.

  The vote collector for a decision with less than two options
  CAN and SHALL end the voting period by announcement, if it has not
  ended already, and provided that e resolves the decision in the
  same message.


Repeal Rule 2633 (Rulebending).


[R2486 openly welcomes additions to the parade when events warrant it]
Amend Rule 2486 (The Royal Parade) by appending the following text:

  NEXT UP in the Parade comes the Discordian Court:  G. the Grand
  Vizier is arguing with Jason the Untitled, while nix, Court
  Anarchist, is cramming cancelled ballots into eir pockets.
