PROPOSAL 8535 (We the People)
AUTHOR: Aris
CLASS: DEMOCRATIC
SPONSORED: YES
FOR (7): ATMunn, Aris, Falsifian, G., Gaelan, Murphy, Trigon
AGAINST (0): 
PRESENT (2): Jason, nix
BALLOTS: 9
AI (F/A): 21/0 (AI=3.0)
POPULARITY: 0.778
OUTCOME: ADOPTED
[
ATMunn: Endorsement of Aris
Falsifian: Endorsement of Aris
]

Resolved at: https://mailman.agoranomic.org/cgi-bin/mailman/private/agora-official/2021-February/014606.html

ID: 8535
Title: We the People
Adoption index: 3.0
Author: Aris
Co-authors: Trigon, nix, G., Gaelan


Amend Rule 869, "How to Join and Leave Agora", by replacing:

  Any entity that is or ever was an organism generally capable of
  freely originating and communicating independent thoughts and
  ideas is a person. Rules to the contrary notwithstanding, no other
  entities are persons.

with:

  Any entity (including a group of confederated entities) that is or
  ever was able to willingly communicate original ideas is a person.
  Rules to the contrary notwithstanding, no other entities are persons.

  Questions about personhood are to be resolved equitably,
  with regard for the good-faith of those involved and the customs of
  honorable play.

and then, immediately after:

  An Unregistered person CAN (unless explicitly forbidden or
  prevented by the rules) register by publishing a message that
  indicates reasonably clearly and reasonably unambiguously that e
  intends to become a player at that time.

inserting the new text:

  No person can be a player if e is part of another player or
  another player is part of em.

and inserting a paragraph break immediately thereafter.


Amend Rule 2499, "Welcome Packages", by replacing:

  When a player receives a Welcome Package, if e has not received
  one in the past 30 days, then e gains 10 boatloads of coins and
  one of each type of Card defined in the rules.

with:

  When a player receives a Welcome Package, e gains 10 boatloads of coins and
  one of each type of Card defined in the rules, unless e, or any person
  of whom e was a part or who was a part of em has received a welcome
  package in the last 30 days.


# CLEANUP

Ben and Claire of the BC System are hereby declared to be separate persons;
each patent title they collectively bore is revoked and granted to
each of them individually.

[Interpretive notes may be found in the message "BUS: Interpretive Notes
for We the People".]
