PROPOSAL 8540 (Strengthening Extra Votes v2.1)
AUTHOR: nix
CLASS: DEMOCRATIC
SPONSORED: YES
FOR (6): ATMunn, Falsifian, Jason, Madrid$, Murphy, nix
AGAINST (1): Trigon
PRESENT (1): Aspen
BALLOTS: 8
AI (F/A): 19/3 (AI=3.0)
POPULARITY: 0.625
OUTCOME: ADOPTED

Resolved at: https://mailman.agoranomic.org/cgi-bin/mailman/private/agora-official/2021-February/014637.html

ID: 8540
Title: Strengthening Extra Votes v2.1
Adoption index: 3.0
Author: nix
Co-authors: Aspen, Jason


[
This proposal does three things:

* Removes all passive Voting Strength bonuses. They rarely make a
   difference, which makes them uninteresting complexity. That also means
   I'm removing chambers, since they no longer do anything.

* Strengthens Extra Votes. Now they apply to all decisions within a
   voting period. This just makes them feel nicer to use. Also the Buying
   Strength cap is gone.

* Adds a weekly reward for having the highest strength. So there's
   incentive to consider using them even when you're not trying to force
   through/sink a proposal.

* Removes the Economy focus. Since EVs will give a cash reward, they
   fill the same niche as this focus but in a more interesting way.
   Additionally, removing one focus makes the others more competitive.
]

Amend R2422, "Voting Strength", by replacing:

  A player CAN Buy Strength by paying 1 Extra Vote and specifying a
  current Agoran decision on which e is a voter. For each time a
  player has Bought Strength on a decision, eir voting strength is 1
  greater on that decision. If the decision is on a proposal, and
  the proposal's chamber and the player's focus are the same value,
  then eir voting strength is instead 2 greater on that decision. A
  player CANNOT Buy Strength for the same decision more than 3
  times.

with:

  A player CAN Buy Strength by paying a fee of 1 Extra Vote. A
  player's Voting Strength on an ordinary referendum is 1 greater
  for every time e Bought Strength during that decision's voting
  period.

Amend R2645, "The Stones", by replacing:

  - Power Stone (weekly, 40%): A specified player hereby buys
    strength 3 times on a specified unresolved Agoran decision.

with:

  - Power Stone (weekly, 40%): A specified player hereby Buys
    Strength 3 times.

Repeal R2637, "Office Interests".

Repeal R2607, "Proposal Chambers".

Amend R1607, "Distribution", by replacing "the text, author, coauthors,
class and (if applicable) chamber" with "the text, author, coauthors,
and class".

Amend R2350, "Proposals", by removing:

  * A chamber to which the proposal shall be assigned upon its
    creation.

Amend R103, "The Speaker", by removing:

  The Speaker has voting strength one greater than e would have if
  e did not hold the office.

Amend R2624, "Card Administration, by removing:

  Ministry of Economy: 50 boatloads of coins divided by X, rounded
  up; where X is the number of players with their Ministry Focus set
  to Economy. The Ministor SHALL report this value in a timely
  manner after the beginning of the month.

Enact a new Power 1 rule titled "Vocal Voter Verification Award" with
the following text:

  The sole player, if any, who had the highest voting strength among
  all votes cast on all decisions resolved in the last 7 days CAN
  once grant emself 7 boatloads of coins by announcement, provided
  that no referenda initiated in the same message as it remain
  unresolved.
