PROPOSAL 8544 (Clarify dependent actions)
AUTHOR: Murphy
CLASS: DEMOCRATIC
FOR (2): Falsifian, Murphy
AGAINST (1): Jason
PRESENT (2): Aspen, Trigon
BALLOTS: 5
AI (F/A): 6/3 (AI=3.0)
POPULARITY: 0.200
OUTCOME: REJECTED
[
Jason: Conditional resolved: G. did not vote FOR
]

Resolved at: https://mailman.agoranomic.org/cgi-bin/mailman/private/agora-official/2021-March/014711.html and https://mailman.agoranomic.org/cgi-bin/mailman/private/agora-official/2021-March/014726.html

ID: 8544
Title: Clarify dependent actions
Adoption index: 3.0
Author: Murphy
Co-authors: 


Amend Rule 2595 (Performing a Dependent Action) to read:

  A rule that purports to allow a person (the performer) to perform
  an action by a set of one or more dependent actions thereby allows
  em to perform the action by announcement if all of the following
  are true:

  1. A person (the initiator) published an announcement of intent
    that unambiguously, clearly, conspicuously, and without
    obfuscation specified the action intended to be taken and the
    method(s) to be used, including these values if relevant:

      * If the action is to be taken with T notice, then the value
        of T.

      * If the action is to be taken without N objections, with N
        support, or with N Agoran Consent, and N is not equal to 1,
        then the value of N.

  2. The time between the announcement of intent and the action is
    at most 14 days. In addition:

      * If the action is to be taken without N objections or with N
        Agoran consent, then it is at least 4 days.

      * If the action is to be taken with T notice, then it is at
        least T (minimum of 4 days).

  3. At least one of the following is true:

      * The performer is the initiator.

      * The initiator was authorized to perform the action due to
        holding a rule-defined position now held by the performer.

      * The initiator is authorized to perform the action, the
        action depends on support, the performer has supported the
        intent, and the rule authorizing the performance does not
        explicitly prohibit supporters from performing it.

  4. Agora is Satisfied with the announced intent, as defined by
    other Rules.

  5. If the announcement of intent stated any conditions, then those
    conditions are all met.

  If the action is to be taken with N Agoran consent, then the
  performer SHOULD publish a list of supporters and objectors.

Amend Rule 2124 (Agoran Satisfaction) to read:

  A Supporter of an intent to perform an action is an eligible
  entity who has publicly posted (and not withdrawn) support for an
  announcement of that intent.

  An Objector to an intent to perform an action is an eligible
  entity who has publicly posted (and not withdrawn) an objection to
  the announcement of that intent.

  The entities eligible to support or object to an intent to perform
  an action are, by default, all players, subject to modification by
  the document authorizing the dependent action. However, the
  previous sentence notwithstanding, the initiator of the intent is
  not eligible to support it, and a person CANNOT support or object
  to an announcement of intent before the intent is announced, or
  after e has withdrawn the same type of response.

  Agora is Satisfied with an intent to perform a specific action
  unless at least one of the following is true:

  1. The action is to be performed without N objections, and there
    are at least N Objectors to that intent.

  2. The action is to be performed with N support, and there are
    fewer than than N Supporters of that intent.

  3. The action is to be performed with N Agoran consent, and the
    number of Supporters of that intent is less than or equal to N
    times the number of Objectors to that intent.

  4. The action is to be performed without N objections or with N
    Agora consent, and an objection to that intent was withdrawn
    within the past 24 hours.

  5. The Speaker objected to that intent within the past 48 hours.
