PROPOSAL 8561 (Election Cycle)
AUTHOR: G.
CLASS: ORDINARY
FOR (7): ATMunn, Falsifian, G.*, Gaelan, Janet, Madrid, cuddlybanana
AGAINST (0): 
PRESENT (3): Aris<, Murphy, Trigon
BALLOTS: 10
AI (F/A): 26/0 (AI=2.0)
POPULARITY: 0.700
OUTCOME: ADOPTED
[
Falsifian: Endorsement of G.
]

Resolved at: https://mailman.agoranomic.org/cgi-bin/mailman/private/agora-official/2021-June/014992.html

ID: 8561
Title: Election Cycle
Adoption index: 2.0
Author: G.
Co-authors: nix


Create a power=2 rule, "The Election Cycle", with the following text:

  A holder of an elected office who did not become its holder by
  winning an election, and has not won an election for that office
  since, is an interim holder. An elected office that is either
  vacant or has an interim holder is an interim office.

  An office is term-limited if the most recent election for that
  office was resolved more than the length of that office's term
  prior. The term for the office of Prime Minister is 90 days. The
  term for all other elected offices is 180 days.

  A player CAN initiate an election for a specified elected office:

  a) with 2 support, if either the office is interim or term-
     limited, and provided that the initiator becomes a candidate
     in the same message.

  b) By announcement, if e is the ADoP (or, if the office is the
     ADoP, if e is the Assessor) and the office is interim, or if
     e is the holder of that office.

  Once per quarter, the ADoP CAN and SHALL publish a Notice of
  Election specifying between 2-4 term-limited offices (if there
  fewer than 2 term-limited offices, the ADoP MUST instead list
  all of them).  Such a notice initiates elections for the
  specified offices.  The ADoP SHOULD prioritize offices that
  have gone longest since their last elections.

  The above notwithstanding, an election for an office CANNOT be
  initiated if one is already in progress.


[Delete this section added to the previous rule - better gathers
election procedure rules in one place].

Amend Rule 1006 (Offices) by removing:
  A holder of an elected office who did not become its holder by
  winning an election, and has not won an election for that office
  since, is an interim holder. An elected office that is either
  vacant or has an interim holder is an interim office.


[For the below rule, remove text placed in the new rule above,
and add the Assessor as the vote collector for ADoP elections].

Amend Rule 2154 (Election Procedure) to read in full:

  When an election is initiated, it enters the nomination period,
  which lasts for 4 days. After an election is initiated and until
  nominations close, any player CAN become a candidate by
  announcement. A candidate ceases to be a candidate if e ceases to
  be a player during the election or if holding the office would
  make em Overpowered. During the nomination period, a candidate CAN
  cease to be a candidate by announcement if there is at least one
  other candidate.

  An election whose nomination period is complete is contested if it
  has two or more candidates, and uncontested otherwise. Nominations
  close at the end of the poll's voting period or when the election
  is ended, whichever comes first.

  After the nomination period ends, the ADoP (or, if the office is
  the ADoP, the Assessor) CAN and, in a timely fashion, SHALL:

  1) If the election is contested, initiate an Agoran decision to
     select the winner of the election (the poll). For this
     decision, the Vote Collector is the ADoP (or, if the office
     is the ADoP, the Assessor), the valid options are
     the candidates for that election (including those who become
     candidates after its initiation), and the voting method is
     instant runoff. When the poll is resolved, its outcome, if a
     player, wins the election. If the outcome is not a player, the
     election ends with no winner.

  2) If POSSIBLE per the following paragraph, end the election
     immediately.

  If at any point an uncontested election has a single candidate,
  then any player CAN by announcement declare em the winner of the
  election, thereby causing em to win the election. If at any point
  an uncontested election has no candidates, then any player CAN
  declare the election ended with no winner by announcement.

  When a player wins an election, e is installed into the associated
  office and the election ends.
