PROPOSAL 8568 (Supporter/Objector clarification)
AUTHOR: Janet
CLASS: DEMOCRATIC
FOR (5): ATMunn, Aris, Madrid, Trigon, cuddlybanana
AGAINST (3): Falsifian, Gaelan, Janet
PRESENT (2): G., Murphy
BALLOTS: 10
AI (F/A): 15/9 (AI=3.0)
POPULARITY: 0.200
OUTCOME: REJECTED

Resolved at: https://mailman.agoranomic.org/cgi-bin/mailman/private/agora-official/2021-June/014992.html

ID: 8568
Title: Supporter/Objector clarification
Adoption index: 3.0
Author: Janet
Co-authors: 


Amend Rule 2124 by replacing the following:

{

  The above notwithstanding, if an action is to be performed without
  N objections or with N Agoran consent, and an objection to an
  intent to perform it has been withdrawn within the past 24 hours,
  then Agora is not Satisfied with that intent.

  The above notwithstanding, Agora is not satisfied with an intent
  if the Speaker has objected to it in the last 48 hours.

  A person CANNOT support or object to an announcement of intent
  before the intent is announced, or after e has withdrawn the same
  type of response.

}

with the following:

{

  The above notwithstanding, if an action is to be performed without N
  objections or with N Agoran consent, and an entity has ceased to be an
  Objector to that intent within the past 24 hours, then Agora is not
  Satisfied with that intent.

  The above notwithstanding, Agora is not Satisfied with an intent if the
  Speaker has become an Objector to it in the last 48 hours.

  An entity is not considered a Supporter or Objector to an intent solely
  due to a purported support or objection made before the intent was
  announced. An entity is not considered a Supporter to an intent if e has
  previously ceased to be a Supporter, and e is not considered an Objector
  to an intent if e has previously ceased to be an Objector.

}

[In each paragraph, use Objector/Supportor status instead of evaluating
whether objections were withdrawn. For instance, it has been previously
pointed out (in private conversation) that the Speaker could potentially
completely block an intent by objecting multiple times. Additionally, in
the third paragraph, extend the restrictions to entities instead of just
persons (since the definition of Supporter/Objector applies to entities,
rather than persons).]
