PROPOSAL 8584 (Effective deference)
AUTHOR: Murphy
CLASS: DEMOCRATIC
FOR (3): Falsifian, Janet, Murphy
AGAINST (3): G., ais523, nix
PRESENT (3): R. Lee, Telna, Trigon
BALLOTS: 9
AI (F/A): 9/9 (AI=3.0)
POPULARITY: 0.000
OUTCOME: REJECTED
[
Falsifian: Endorsement of Murphy
G.: Endorsement of ais523
R. Lee: Endorsement of non-voter Aspen: Inextricable
nix: Conditional resolved: G. and ais523 both AGAINST
]

Resolved at: https://mailman.agoranomic.org/cgi-bin/mailman/private/agora-official/2021-June/015044.html

ID: 8584
Title: Effective deference
Adoption index: 3.0
Author: Murphy
Co-authors: 


[Consider these hypothetical rules:

  Rule 9001 (Power=1) There are four lights.

  Rule 9002a (Power=2) There are five lights, unless another rule says
    otherwise.

  This successfully avoids conflict with Rule 9001.

  Rule 9002b (Power=2) There are five lights. This rule defers to other
    rules saying otherwise.

  This doesn't, because Power is checked first. But it should, so let's
    check it first. Also does some general minor cleanup.]

Amend Rule 1030 (Precedence between Rules) to read:

   In a conflict between Rules, the conflict shall be resolved by
   performing the following comparisons in the sequence written in
   this rule, until the conflict is resolved.

   - If at least one of the Rules in conflict explicitly says of
     itself that it defers to another Rule (or type of Rule), and
     such provisions would resolve the conflict without
     contradictions, then they shall be used to do so.

   - In a conflict between Rules with different Power, the Rule with
     the higher Power takes precedence over the Rule with the lower
     Power.

   - If all of the Rules in conflict explicitly say that their
     precedence relations are determined by some other Rule for
     determining precedence relations, then the determinations of the
     precedence-determining Rule shall be used to do so.

   - If at least one of the Rules in conflict explicitly says of
     itself that it takes precedence over another Rule (or type of
     Rule), and such provisions would resolve the conflict without
     contradictions, then they shall be used to do so.

   - If any of the rules in conflict have ID numbers, then the Rule
     with the lowest ID number takes precedence.

   - The Rule enacted earliest takes precedence.

   Clauses in any other rule that broadly claim precedence or
   deference (e.g. over or to "all rules" of a certain class) shall
   be, prima facie, considered to be limited claims of precedence or
   deference that are applicable only when such claims are evaluated
   as described within the above sequence.

   No change to the ruleset can occur that would cause a Rule to
   directly claim precedence over this Rule as a means of determining
   precedence. This applies to changes by the enactment or amendment
   of a Rule, or of any other form. This Rule takes precedence over
   any Rule that would permit such a change to the ruleset.
