PROPOSAL 8587 (Clarify nomination period)
AUTHOR: Murphy
CLASS: ORDINARY
FOR (3): Falsifian, Murphy, Telna
AGAINST (2): G.+, Janet
PRESENT (4): R. Lee, Trigon, ais523, nix
BALLOTS: 9
AI (F/A): 9/12 (AI=2.0)
POPULARITY: 0.111
OUTCOME: REJECTED
[
Falsifian: Endorsement of Murphy
R. Lee: Endorsement of non-voter Aris: Inextricable
]

Resolved at: https://mailman.agoranomic.org/cgi-bin/mailman/private/agora-official/2021-June/015044.html

ID: 8587
Title: Clarify nomination period
Adoption index: 2.0
Author: Murphy
Co-authors: G.


Amend Rule 2154 (Election Procedure) to read:

  A player CAN initiate an election for a specified elected office:

  a) with 2 support, if either the office is interim or the most
    recent election for that office was resolved more than 90 days
    prior, and provided that the initiator becomes a candidate in
    the same message.

  b) By announcement, if e is the ADoP and if the office is interim,
    or if e is the holder of that office.

  The above notwithstanding, an election for an office CANNOT be
  initiated if one is already in progress.

  When an election is initiated, it enters the nomination period,
  which lasts for 4 days. During the nomination period, any player
  CAN become a candidate by announcement, and any candidate CAN
  cease to be a candidate by announcement if there is at least one
  other candidate.

  After the nomination period, any player CAN still become a
  candidate by announcement until the end of the election or the
  end of the voting period, whichever comes first.

  A candidate ceases to be a candidate if e ceases to be a player
  during the election, or if holding the office would make em
  Overpowered.

  An election whose nomination period is complete is contested if it
  has two or more candidates, and uncontested otherwise.

  If at any point an uncontested election has a single candidate,
  then any player CAN by announcement declare em the winner of the
  election, thereby causing em to win the election. If at any point
  an uncontested election has no candidates, then any player CAN
  declare the election ended with no winner by announcement.

  After the nomination period ends, the ADoP CAN and, in a timely
  fashion, SHALL:

  1) If the election is contested, initiate an Agoran decision to
    select the winner of the election (the poll). For this
    decision, the Vote Collector is the ADoP, the valid options are
    the candidates for that election (including those who become
    candidates after its initiation), and the voting method is
    instant runoff. When the poll is resolved, its outcome, if a
    player, wins the election. If the outcome is not a player, the
    election ends with no winner.

  2) If the election is uncontested, end the election as described
    above.

  When a player wins an election, e is installed into the associated
  office and the election ends.

[Allowing players to become candidates after the "nomination period" is
  confusing; it's more like a "nomination-only period". This would at
  least separate becoming / ceasing to be a candidate into "during the
  nominating period", then "after the nominating period", then "also any
  time due to deregistration or Overpowering".]
