PROPOSAL 8600 (fix win lockouts)
AUTHOR: G.
CLASS: ORDINARY
FOR (8): Aspen, Cuddle Beam, G., Jason, R. Lee, Telna, Trigon, ais523
AGAINST (0): 
PRESENT (0): 
BALLOTS: 8
AI (F/A): 24/0 (AI=2.0)
POPULARITY: 1.000
OUTCOME: ADOPTED
[
Aspen: Endorsement of Jason
ais523: Endorsement of G.
]

Resolved at: https://mailman.agoranomic.org/cgi-bin/mailman/private/agora-official/2021-August/015251.html

ID: 8600
Title: fix win lockouts
Adoption index: 2.0
Author: G.
Co-authors: 


Amend Rule 2644 (The Gauntlet) to read in full:

  A player CAN, by announcement, Notice the Gauntlet, specifying a
  single player that owns 5 or more stones, provided that no person
  has won the game by doing so in the past 30 days.

  When the Gauntlet is Noticed, the specified player wins the game.
  If a player won the game in this manner 4 days ago, then all
  existing stones are transferred to Agora.


Amend Rule 2621 (VP Wins) to read in full:

  If a player has at least 20 more Victory Points than any other
  player, e CAN Take Over the Economy by announcement, provided no
  person has won the game by doing so in the past 30 days.

  When a player takes over the economy, e wins the game. Four days
  after such a win occurs, all Cards and all Products are destroyed.
  Then, each active player gains 1 card of each type and eir grant (if
  any).


Amend Rule 2553 (Win by Paradox) to read in full:

  If a CFJ about the effectiveness, possibility, or legality of a
  change in the gamestate has been assigned a judgment of PARADOXICAL
  continuously for at least 7 days, then that case's initiator, CAN,
  by announcement, Transcend Logic, provided that e has not already
  won the game with respect to that CFJ. When a person transcends
  logic, e wins the game.

  A player who wins in this fashion SHOULD submit a proposal to
  prevent the paradox from arising again.


If R. Lee has not won the game via the Noticing the Gauntlet, e hereby
does so.  This proposal respectfully suggests that H. Herald SHOULD record
it as a gauntlet win [but as the actual method is via this proposal, it
does not trigger another reset].

[have checked all the other winning conditions - they seem fine].
