PROPOSAL 8615 (Supporter/Objector clarification v2)
AUTHOR: Janet
CLASS: DEMOCRATIC
FOR (7): ATMunn-, G.-, Gaelan-, Janet-, Madrid-, ais523-, cuddlybanana-
AGAINST (3): Falsifian-, Shy Owl, nix-
PRESENT (3): Murphy-, Telna-, Trigon-
BALLOTS: 13
AI (F/A): 105/30 (AI=3.0)
POPULARITY: 0.308
OUTCOME: ADOPTED
[
Gaelan: Conditional resolved: Independence Day will be adopted
]

Resolved at: https://mailman.agoranomic.org/cgi-bin/mailman/private/agora-official/2021-October/015418.html

ID: 8615
Title: Supporter/Objector clarification v2
Adoption index: 3.0
Author: Janet
Co-authors: 


Amend Rule 2124 by replacing the following:

{

  The above notwithstanding, if an action is to be performed without
  N objections or with N Agoran consent, and an objection to an
  intent to perform it has been withdrawn within the past 24 hours,
  then Agora is not Satisfied with that intent.

  The above notwithstanding, Agora is not satisfied with an intent
  if the Speaker has objected to it in the last 48 hours.

  A person CANNOT support or object to an announcement of intent
  before the intent is announced, or after e has withdrawn the same
  type of response.

}

with the following:

{

  The above notwithstanding, if an action is to be performed without N
  objections or with N Agoran consent, and an entity has ceased to be an
  Objector to that intent within the past 24 hours, then Agora is not
  Satisfied with that intent.

  The above notwithstanding, Agora is not Satisfied with an intent if the
  Speaker has become an Objector to it in the last 48 hours.

  An entity is not considered a Supporter or Objector to an intent solely
  due to a purported support or objection made before the intent was
  announced. An entity is not considered a Supporter to an intent if e has
  previously ceased to be a Supporter to it, and e is not considered an
  Objector to an intent if e has previously ceased to be an Objector to it.

}

[

  In each paragraph, use Objector/Supportor status instead of evaluating
  whether objections were withdrawn. For instance, it has been previously
  pointed out (in private conversation) that the Speaker could potentially
  completely block an intent by objecting multiple times. Additionally, in
  the third paragraph, extend the restrictions to entities instead of just
  persons (since the definition of Supporter/Objector applies to entities,
  rather than persons).

  Fixes the bug in the previous version where ever withdrawing an
  objection would prevent you from ever objecting again.

]
