PROPOSAL 8624 (I'd like to thank the academy)
AUTHOR: Trigon
CLASS: ORDINARY
FOR (7): ATMunn-, Madrid-, Murphy-, Shy Owl, Trigon-, ais523-, cuddlybanana-
AGAINST (6): Falsifian-, G.-, Gaelan-, Jason-, Telna-, nix-
PRESENT (0): 
BALLOTS: 13
AI (F/A): 90/90 (AI=1.0)
POPULARITY: 0.077
OUTCOME: REJECTED
[
G.: nix is the Herald: Endorsement of nix
Jason: Endorsement of nix
]

Resolved at: https://mailman.agoranomic.org/cgi-bin/mailman/private/agora-official/2021-October/015418.html

ID: 8624
Title: I'd like to thank the academy
Adoption index: 1.0
Author: Trigon
Co-authors: 


[ COMMENT: This one's a lot less serious, but I like the concept.
   Initially, I felt bad that I won and Cuddlebeam didn't even get a
   consolation prize for eir cooperation in the victory.

   I just wanted to add the second half of this proposal to allow winners
   to nominate players for helping them win because we could always use
   more patent titles, but I realized that it might be fun to make it a
   ceremony. Being a Champion merits more whimsy than we afford it now.

   Neither of the lists in the rule are super solid right now, though
   their whimsical nature should be preserved in future revisions. ]

Create a new (Power=1) rule entitled "Champion's Patent Titles" with the
text:

  For each time a person is awarded the patent title of Champion, e
  CAN once post a Champion's Address within seven days of that
  awarding. A Champion's Address SHOULD, but NEED NOT include the
  following components:

  * A recap of how that victory was achieved.
  * A declaration of eir superiority over the rest of the Agoran
   Community for eir well-earned victory.
  * A sincere expression of gratitude to the Agoran Community for
   their duly-given recognition of the victory.

  Within a Champion's Address, the following patent titles CAN be
  awarded to persons in acknowledgement for the help they have given
  in securing the win, substituting the word "Champion" for the
  winning player's name:

  * Champion's Conspirator, awardable to a person who contributed
    significantly to the strategy employed to secure the win.
  * Champion's Financer, awardable to a person who contributed
    significantly economically to the Champion in order to secure
    the win.
  * Champion's Adjunct, awardable to a person who contributed
    in a minor fashion to the win.
  * Champion's Pawn, awardable to a person who unknowingly
    contributed to the Champion's win.
