PROPOSAL 8629 (Independence Day)
AUTHOR: G.
CLASS: DEMOCRATIC
FOR (11): ATMunn-, G.-, Gaelan-, Janet-, Madrid-, Shy Owl, Telna-, Trigon-, ais523-, cuddlybanana-, nix-
AGAINST (1): Falsifian-
PRESENT (1): Murphy-
BALLOTS: 13
AI (F/A): 150/15 (AI=3.0)
POPULARITY: 0.769
OUTCOME: ADOPTED
[
G.: Endorsement of ais523
Janet: Endorsement of G.
]

Resolved at: https://mailman.agoranomic.org/cgi-bin/mailman/private/agora-official/2021-October/015418.html

ID: 8629
Title: Independence Day
Adoption index: 3.0
Author: G.
Co-authors: Gaelan, Telna, nix, Madrid, cuddlybanana, Janet


[Note: this proposal was not rushed, it was originally part of survivor
golf, and then substantially honed on discord.  Doesn't mean it should be
thoroughly checked! Also, please see the note at the bottom.]


Amend Rule 1728 (Dependent Action Methods) by changing its title to
"Tabled Actions" and amending its text to:

  An action is a Tabled Action if it is performed with one of the
  following methods:
  * With N Support, where N is a positive integer.
  * Without N Objections, where N is a positive integer.
  * With N Agoran Consent, where N is a positive integer multiple of
    0.1.
  * With T notice, where T is a time period.

  The parameters N and T, if omitted, default to 1 and 4 days,
  respectively (e.g. "without objection" means N=1). If a rule defines
  N as less than 1 or greater than 8, it is instead treated as 1 or 8,
  respectively.

  A person CAN act on eir own behalf, by announcement, to table an
  intent (syn. "intend") to perform a tabled action, conspicuously and
  without obfuscation specifying the action, the method (including non-
  default parameter values), and optionally, conditions.

  A person is the sponsor of such an intent if e tabled it, or if e is
  authorized to perform its action due to holding a rule-defined
  position previously held by the person who tabled it.


Amend Rule 2124 (Agoran Satisfaction) by changing its title to
"Performing Tabled Actions" and amending its text to:

  For a given tabled intent, a player CAN, unless otherwise forbidden by
  the rules or the document enabling the action, act on eir own behalf,
  by announcement, to:
  * Become a supporter ("support" it), unless e tabled or previously
    supported it;
  * Become an objector ("object to" it), unless e previously
    objected to it;
  * Cease to be a supporter or objector ("withdraw" support/objection).

  An intent is ripe if was tabled within the past 14 days, the Speaker
  hasn't objected to it in the past 48 hours, and its conditions, if
  any, are met.

  An intent is mature if it was tabled at least 4 days ago and nobody
  withdrew objections from it in the past 24 hours.

  A rule purporting to allow a person to perform a tabled action allows
  em to do so by announcement, if, considering only intents for that
  action/method combination:
  * With N Support: e is a sponsor or supporter of a ripe intent with
    at least N supporters.
  * Without N Objections: e is a sponsor of a mature ripe intent with
    less than N objectors.
  * With N Agoran Consent: e is a sponsor or supporter of a mature
    ripe intent with supporters greater than N times its objectors
    (e SHOULD list supporters and objectors).
  * With T notice: e is the sponsor of a ripe intent created at
    least T ago.


Repeal Rule 2595 (Performing a Dependent Action).


Amend Rule 2481 (Festival Restrictions) by replacing:
  1. Rules to the contrary notwithstanding, non-Festive players are
     not eligible to support a dependent action;
with:
  1. Rules to the contrary notwithstanding, non-Festive players
     CANNOT support/be a supporter for tabled action intents;


If the effects of a proposal authored by R. Lee have amended Rule 2124
in the previous 14 days, then amend Rule 2124 by deleting:
  "on eir own behalf,"

[On this final clause: this proposal is meant to keep all actual mechanics
of dep. actions unchanged.  I didn't want to take a particular position on
whether you can act-on-behalf of someone to support/object to an intent.
Unfortunately, it's unclear what the current rules allow.  By clarifying
in either direction, I'm taking a side.  But R. Lee has submitted a
proposal called "Allow acting on behalf to support or object".  The clause
above ensures that if R. Lee's proposal is adopted, the act-on-behalf
functionality stays in the rewrite as per the will of the voters.]
