PROPOSAL 8651 (Temporal Incursion Modification and Exclusion Act)
AUTHOR: Janet
CLASS: DEMOCRATIC
FOR (7): Aris, G., Janet, Madrid!, Murphy, ais523, nix@
AGAINST (1): snail
PRESENT (1): Trigon@
BALLOTS: 9
AI (F/A): 18/3 (AI=3.0)
POPULARITY: 0.667
OUTCOME: ADOPTED
[
nix: Endorsement of G.
]

Resolved at: https://mailman.agoranomic.org/cgi-bin/mailman/private/agora-official/2022-March/015752.html

ID: 8651
Title: Temporal Incursion Modification and Exclusion Act
Adoption index: 3.0
Author: Janet
Co-authors: Aris, Oerjan


Amend Rule 1551 (Ratification) to read, in whole:

{

  A retroactive change is one that changes the game's record of past
  events. Retroactive changes are secured with power threshold 3.

  When a document or statement (hereafter "document") is to be ratified,
  the following definitions apply:
  * The publication time is the instant at which the document to be
    ratified was published.
  * The truth time is the instant at which the document specifies that it
    was true, or the publication time if such an instant is not specified.
  * The application time is the instant at which the document to be
    ratified is ratified.

  Ratification CANNOT occur if the truth time would be after the
  application time, or if the publication time would be after the
  application time.

  Rules to the contrary notwithstanding, when a document is ratified, the
  gamestate is modified to what it would be if, at the truth time, the
  gamestate had been minimally modified to make the ratified document as
  true and accurate as possible.

  Ratification CANNOT occur if it would add inconsistencies between the
  gamestate and the rules.

  Ratification CANNOT occur if the required modification to the gamestate
  is not possible or if multiple substantially distinct possible
  modifications would be equally appropriate.

  If the minimal modification would include past or present rule changes,
  they are instead excluded unless the ratified document explicitly and
  unambiguously recites either the changes or the resulting properties of
  the rule(s).

  An internally inconsistent document generally CANNOT be ratified;
  however, if such a document can be divided into a summary section and a
  main section, where the only purpose of the summary section is to
  summarize information in the main section, and the main section is
  internally consistent, ratification of the document proceeds as if it
  contained only the main section.

  Text purportedly about previous instances of ratification (e.g. a
  report's date of last ratification) is excluded from ratification. The
  rules may define additional information that is considered to be part of
  the document for the purposes of ratification; such definitions are
  secured with power threshold 3.

  Ratification is secured with power threshold 3.

}


[This is mostly intended to be a clarification; it shouldn't change how
ratification is supposed to work, except that it explicitly excludes
silent rule changes from the modification (it's currently ambiguous
whether they're excluded or make the whole ratification fail). This also
secures all retroactive changes, where retroactive changes are defined
as altering the game's record of the past. This mirrors the way that
Falsifian found ratification works in eir law thesis.]
