PROPOSAL 8662 (Birds! v2)
AUTHOR: Secretsnail9
CLASS: ORDINARY
FOR (6): G., Murphy, Secretsnail9@, ais523, juan, nix@
AGAINST (1): Jason*
PRESENT (1): Aspen
BALLOTS: 8
AI (F/A): 16/8 (AI=1.0)
POPULARITY: 0.625
OUTCOME: ADOPTED
[
juan: Conditional resolved: A majority of other votes were FOR
]

Resolved at: https://mailman.agoranomic.org/cgi-bin/mailman/private/agora-official/2022-April/015802.html and https://mailman.agoranomic.org/cgi-bin/mailman/private/agora-official/2022-April/015806.html

ID: 8662
Title: Birds! v2
Adoption index: 1.0
Author: Secretsnail9
Co-authors: Jason, Telna


Create a rule with title "Birds", power 1.0, and the following text:
{

  A bird is a unique indestructible liquid asset defined by the
  rules. To define a bird, the definition must include:
    (i) A name unique among birds;
   (ii) A scroll, which is a document specifying the effects of the
        bird.

  Ownership of birds is entirely restricted to Agora and active
  players. If a bird is owned by the Lost and Found Department or
  in abeyance, it is immediately transferred to Agora.

  The Avicultor is an office, and the recordkeepor of birds.

  A player that is not Beast Permitted SHALL NOT transfer a bird e
  owns to another player; doing so is the Class 3 Crime of
  Unpermitted Beast Transit.

}

Create a rule with title "Permits", power 1.0, and the following text:
{

  Beast Permitted is a secured negative boolean person switch,
  tracked by the Avicultor in eir weekly report. A player with a
  Beast Permitted switch set to True is 'Beast Permitted'.

  A player CAN buy a beast permit by paying a fee of 50 boatloads
  of coins. When a player buys a beast permit, eir Beast Permitted
  switch is set to True.

  A player CAN relinquish eir beast permit by announcement. When a
  player relinquishes eir beast permit, eir Beast Permitted switch
  is set to False.

  A player CAN renew eir beast permit by paying a fee of 25
  boatloads of coins.

  When permits expire, the Avicultor CAN and SHALL review each
  Beast Permitted player, with notice, in a timely fashion. When a
  Beast Permitted player is reviewed, if e has niether bought a
  beast permit nor renewed eir beast permit in the past 30 days,
  eir Beast Permitted switch is set to False.

}

Create a rule with title "Playing with Birds", power 1.0, and the following
text:
{

  Except as otherwise specified by the rules, the owner of a bird
  CAN play with it by announcement, specifying any values needed
  to interpret the bird's effects.

  When a bird is played with, the Rule defining that bird applies
  the effects in that bird's scroll, and then that bird is
  transferred to Agora.

}

Create a rule with title "Bird Migration", power 1.0, and the following
text:
{

  A player CAN buy bird food by paying a fee of 5 boatloads of
  coins.

  A player CAN release a specified bird e owns, by announcement.
  When a bird is released, it is transferred to Agora.

  Once per month, a Beast Permitted Player CAN transfer a
  specified bird owned by Agora to emself by announcement.

  Once per month, the Avicultor CAN publish a migration notice by
  announcement, specifying all necessary information and choices;
  this constitutes eir monthly report. The Avicultor SHALL publish
  such a notice in a timely fashion after the beginning of each
  Agoran month.

  The number of times each player bought bird food in the previous
  month is included in the migration notice.

  A bird not owned by the player(s) who bought bird food the most
  times during the previous month is a Hungry Bird.

  For each Hungry Bird, a random choice among all players who
  bought bird food during the previous month is included alongside
  that bird in the migration notice.

  When a migration notice is published, Hungry Birds are
  transferred to their corresponding randomly chosen players in an
  order specified by the migration notice.

  If a bird being transferred to a player would cause that player
  to have more birds than the number of times e bought bird food
  during the previous month, that bird is instead transferred to
  Agora.

}


Create a rule with title "One with Nature", power 1.0, and the following
text:
{

  A player CAN, by announcement, Free the Birds, specifying
  a single player that owns 10 or more birds, provided that no
  person has won the game by doing so in the past 30 days.

  When the Birds are Freed, the specified player wins the game.
  If a player won the game in this manner 4 days ago, then all
  existing birds are transferred to Agora and permits expire.

}

Create a rule with title "The Birds", power 1.0, and the following text:
{

  'The playmate' is the player who played with the bird to make
  its scroll activate. Players are ENCOURAGED to propose an
  addition to this rule if it has not been changed within the last
  30 days.

  The following birds are defined, one per paragraph, with the
  following format: Bird Name: Scroll.

  - Seagull: A specified player (defaulting to the playmate if not
    specified) buys bird food 3 times.

  - Goldfinch: A specified player (defaulting to the playmate if
    not specified) gains N boatloads of coins, where N is the
    number of times e has bought bird food this month.

  - Raven: A specified bird is transferred to Agora.

  - Emu: A specified player gains 1 blot.

  - Owl: A specified player (defaulting to the playmate if not
    specified) gains the Grant associated with a specified
    Ministry.

  - Magpie: A specified bird that is owned by a player is
    transferred to the playmate.

  - Pigeon: The playmate gains 2 blots and 1 Blot-B-Gone.

  - Penguin: If the playmate is Beast Permitted, e gains
    1 Winsome, 1 Blot-B-Gone, 1 Pendant, and 1 Votive. Otherwise,
    the playmate gains 1 blot, 1 Pendant, and 1 Votive.

  - Cockatiel: A specified player that is not the playmate gains a
    specified Product.

  - Jay: The Pended switch of a specified proposal is set to True,
    and that proposal becomes sponsored. The playmate then gains
    1 Votive.

}
