PROPOSAL 8663 (The Hexeract)
AUTHOR: snail
CLASS: ORDINARY
FOR (0): 
AGAINST (7): Aris, G., Janet*, Murphy, ais523, nix@, snail@
PRESENT (1): juan
BALLOTS: 8
AI (F/A): 0/24 (AI=1.0)
POPULARITY: -0.875
OUTCOME: REJECTED
[
Murphy: Endorsement of snail
juan: Conditional resolved: A majority of other votes were not FOR
]

Resolved at: https://mailman.agoranomic.org/cgi-bin/mailman/private/agora-official/2022-April/015802.html and https://mailman.agoranomic.org/cgi-bin/mailman/private/agora-official/2022-April/015806.html

ID: 8663
Title: The Hexeract
Adoption index: 1.0
Author: snail
Co-authors: 


Create a rule with title "Grids" and the following text:
{

  A grid has D dimensions, where D is a positive integer, and where its 1st
  through Dth dimensions are defined in the rules. Each finite dimension has
  a width of W, where W is a positive integer. A dimension is either wrapping
  (syn. wrapped) or not wrapping (default). A dimension is either infinite or
  finite (default).

  A location on a grid is a vector with D dimensions, where D is the number
  of dimensions the grid has, with each dimension having a value as an entry,
  whose Dth entry is a non-negative integer less than the Dth dimension's
  width if the Dth dimension is neither infinite nor wrapping. All entries
  for a given wrapping dimension are equal modulo that dimension's width. For
  example, in a grid 2 Dimensions of widths 2 then 3, [1,2] would be a valid
  location and [2,1] would not be.

  A grid has a space for each location on that grid, and that space has that
  location as a location.

  A space has a location. A space (A) is adjacent to another space in the
  same grid (B) if you could add 1 or subtract 1 from a single entry in B's
  location to get A's location. For example, on a grid with 2 dimensions of
  widths 2 then 3, [1,2] would be adjacent to [1,0] if the grid was wrapping,
  and not adjacent if it is not wrapping.)

}

Create a rule with title "The Hexeract" and the following text:
{

  The Hexeract is a grid with 6 dimensions. The 1st-6th dimensions all have a
  width of 3.

  Each space on The Hexeract has a list of persons that own a fence on it,
  which is initially empty. A person "owns a fence on" a space if e is in the
  list of persons that own a fence on that space. A space on The Hexeract can
  be referred to by its location.

  PlayerSpace is a secured Player switch tracked by the Hexor with possible
  values from the set on all spaces on The Hexeract, defaulting to
  [1,1,1,1,1,1]. For a player to move to a space is to change eir PlayerSpace
  value to that space. A player is on a space if their PlayerSpace value is
  that space.

  Fencehops, Fences, and Movies are each a currency, tracked by the Hexor.

  Whenever a payday occurs, each active player gains 1 Fencehop, 1 Fence, and
  1 Movie.

  A player CAN once a month grant 1 Fencehop, 1 Fence, or 1 Movie to
  specified player by announcement.

  A player CAN, if e has not already done any of the below this week:

     * move to a specified non-fenced space adjacent to the one e is on by
       announcement.

     * move to a specified fenced space adjacent to the one e is on by
       announcement, provided e owns a fence on that space.

     * move to a specified fenced space adjacent to the one e is on without
       objection from any Player who owns a fence on that space.

     * move to a specified fenced space adjacent to the one e is on by paying
       a fee of 1 Fencehop.

     * move to a specified fenced space e owns a fence on by paying a fee of
       3 Fencehops.

  A player CAN Build a Fence by paying a fee of 1 Fence, provided e doesn't
  already own a fence on the space e is on. When e does so, e is added to the
  list of players who own a fence on that space.

  A player CAN Build a Huge Fence by paying a fee of 5 Fences. When e does
  so, e is added to the list of players who own a fence on each space
  adjacent to the one e is on.

  A player CAN move to a specified non-fenced space adjacent to the one e is
  on by paying a fee of 1 Movie.

  A player CAN swap the locations of two specified spaces by paying a fee of
  5 Movies.

  A mountain has a name, defaulting to the location of the space it is on.
  Each space on The Hexeract with the form [A,B,C,D,E,F], where A, B, C, D,
  E, and F are each either 0 or 2 (the 64 corners of the grid) starts out
  with a mountain on it when created.

  Vertokens are an indestructible fixed asset tracked by the Hexor, with a
  specific mountain as a type. There is a distinct type for each mountain
  that currently exists on a space on The Hexeract.

  A player CAN Climb by announcement, provided e is on a space with a
  mountain on it. When e does so, e gains a Vertoken with that mountain as a
  type, unless e already owns one with that type. When a player Climbs, e can
  optionally specify a name for the mountain. If e does so, the mountain on
  the space e is on is renamed to the specified name.

  If a player has exactly 64 Vertokens, e CAN See the Truth by announcement,
  specifying a set of no more than 3 players, provided no person has won the
  game by doing so in the past 30 days. When e does so, the specified players
  win the game. Four days after such a win occurs, all Fencehops, Fences,
  Movies, and Vertokens are destroyed, all spaces are destroyed and replaced
  with new spaces, and all Players move to [1,1,1,1,1,1].

}
