PROPOSAL 8679 (Properly Decriminalizing Lateness)
AUTHOR: nix
CLASS: ORDINARY
FOR (6): Janet, Murphy, ais523, juan, nix, snail
AGAINST (0): 
PRESENT (0): 
BALLOTS: 6
AI (F/A): 18/0 (AI=2.0)
POPULARITY: 1.000
OUTCOME: ADOPTED

Resolved at: https://mailman.agoranomic.org/cgi-bin/mailman/private/agora-official/2022-May/015997.html

ID: 8679
Title: Properly Decriminalizing Lateness
Adoption index: 2.0
Author: nix
Co-authors: G., Janet, snail, Murphy


Amend R2557, "Sentencing Guidelines" by replacing:

    When the rules authorize an investigator to issue a Warning for a
    violation, e CAN do so by announcement if the violation is described
    by the rules as a "Class N Crime" where N is 0 or an expression that
    evaluates to 0.

with:

    When the rules authorize an investigator to issue a Warning for a
    violation, e CAN do so by announcement if:

    * the violation is a crime of class 0, OR
    * the violation is a crime of class 1 and e has not done so for the
      same player for the same crime this month.

Amend R2143, "Official Reports and Duties" by replacing:

    Failure of a person to perform any duty required of em within the
    allotted time is the Class 2 Crime of Tardiness.

with:

    Failure of a person to perform any weekly duty required of em within
    the allotted time is the Class 1+N Crime of Weekly Tardiness, where
    N is the number of times e has previously committed the crime in the
    last month.

    Failure of a person to perform any monthly duty required of em
    within the allotted time is the Class 3 Crime of Monthly Tardiness.

Amend R2138 "The Associate Director of Personnel" by appending:

      4. For filled offices with a weekly report, the number of weeks in
         scope, and the number and percent of those weeks during which
         the officeholder published its weekly report.

      5. For filled offices with a monthly report, the number of months
         in scope, and the number and percent of those months during
         which the officeholder published its monthly report.

      For this purpose, the 13 most recent complete weeks and 3 most
      recent complete months are in scope, but only those for which the
      officeholder held that office continuously since it started; and
      percentages of 0/0 are to be reported as n/a.
