PROPOSAL 8716 (Dream of Wandering)
AUTHOR: 4st
CLASS: ORDINARY
FOR (2): 4st, Murphy
AGAINST (2): G., Janet
PRESENT (1): ais523
BALLOTS: 5
AI (F/A): 6/6 (AI=1.0)
POPULARITY: 0.000
OUTCOME: REJECTED

Resolved at: https://mailman.agoranomic.org/cgi-bin/mailman/private/agora-official/2022-July/016147.html

ID: 8716
Title: Dream of Wandering
Adoption index: 1.0
Author: 4st
Co-authors: nix, Madrid, snail, Janet


Enact a new rule with the title "Dream of Wandering":
Mindset is a secured active player switch,
tracked by the Ministor in eir monthly report,
with possible values Dream of Wandering (the default) and any Dream.

An active player CAN Plan to Flip eir own Mindset,
specifying any valid value for eir Mindset, by announcement.
When the rules state that the wandering occurs,
every active player's Mindset is set to the value e most
recently specified by Planning to Flip. If a player did not Plan to Flip
eir Mindset switch since the last wandering, it not Flipped.

The wandering occurs at the beginning of each month.

A player becomes a New Dreamer when eir Mindset Flips.
A player becomes a Recurring Dreamer when a wandering occurs and eir
Mindset is not flipped, and e is not a New Dreamer.

The following rules apply to each active player
based on that player's Mindset:
- Dream of Victory:
  Upon a correct announcement of being the only player with eir Mindset
  Flipped to Dream of Victories, e wins the game. Upon winning the game,
  e has eir Mindset immediately Flipped to the Dream of Wandering.
  When e is a New Dreamer, e CAN, once by announcement, gain 10 points,
  then cease to be a New or Recurring Dreamer.
- Dream of Wealth:
  When e is a New or Recurring Dreamer, e CAN,
  once by announcement, grant 5 stamps of eir own type to emself,
  then cease to be a New or Recurring Dreamer.
- Dream of Justice:
  When e is a New or Recurring Dreamer, e CAN,
  once by announcement, expunge up to 4 blots from emself,
  then cease to be a New or Recurring Dreamer.
- Dream of Wandering:
  When e is a Recurring Dreamer, when e plans to Flip eir Mindset,
  it is immediately Flipped to the specified value if possible.
  E then ceases to be a Recurring Dreamer.
- Dream of Machines:
  E can Flip the Device to either on or off with Agoran Consent.
  E can act on behalf of the device to take any
  action the device may take by announcement with 1 support.
- Dream of Beasts:
  E can buy bird food by paying a fee of 3 boatloads of coins.
  E can buy a Beast Permit by paying a fee of 40 boatloads of coins.
  E can renew a Beast Permit by paying a fee of 20 boatloads of coins.
- Dream of Gardens:
  When E is a New or Recurring Dreamer, E can pay a fee of N stamps,
  specifying one stone e owns, and that stone has their escape chance
  reduced by N*5%, to a minimum of 0%,
  then E ceases to be a New or Recurring Dreamer.
  This reduction can only apply to one stone e owns.
  This reduction is removed after
  the Stonemason publishes a collection notice.
- Dream of Power: Eir Voting Strength is 2 greater.
