PROPOSAL 8811 (Infractions)
AUTHOR: nix
CLASS: ORDINARY
FOR (5): 4st, G., Jason, Murphy, nix
AGAINST (2): Secretsnail9, ais523
PRESENT (1): juan
BALLOTS: 8
AI (F/A): 15/6 (AI=2.0)
POPULARITY: 0.375
OUTCOME: ADOPTED
[
G.: Endorsement of nix
]

Resolved at: https://mailman.agoranomic.org/cgi-bin/mailman/private/agora-official/2022-July/016166.html

ID: 8811
Title: Infractions
Adoption index: 2.0
Author: nix
Co-authors: 


[This proposal seeks to replace the current criminal system with an
Infraction system. This is meant to be a simplified system that is
adjusted based on severity.

The biggest change is that blots are automatic. A class N infraction
gets N blots as soon as it happens. The Investigator can, however, tweak
them up or down. There is some guiding language to encourage this.

Blots are removed weekly by any player that hasn't gained one this week
or last (to prevent timing silliness). This means serious infractions
will either take you a while to recover from, or require multiple
players to forgive you.]

Amend R2555 (Blots) to read, in full:

       Blots are an indestructible fixed currency with ownership
       restricted to persons. A person with 1 or more blots is Impure, a
       person with 0 blots is Pure. An impure unregistered person is a
       Fugitive. The Referee is an office, and the recordkeepor for
       blots.

       To expunge a blot is to destroy it. Destroying blots is secured
       with a Power Threshold of 1.7.

       A person CAN, by announcement, create a specified number of blots
       in eir possession.

       Any player who has not expunged a blot by this method this week
       CAN expunge 1 blot from a specified player who has not gained a
       blot this or the previous week, by announcement.

       At the beginning of each quarter, half (rounded down) of each
       fugitive's blots are destroyed.

Amend R2478 to be titled "Infractions" and to read, in full:

     An Infraction is a violation of a SHALL or SHALL NOT in a rule. The
     infracter for an infraction is the person who committed the
     infraction.

     The Investigator for an infraction is the Referee unless e is the
     infracter. Otherwise, it is the Arbitor.

     The Class of an infraction is 2 unless a rule specifies a different
     Class for it.

     When a player commits an infraction, N blots are created in eir
     possession, where N is the class of the infraction.

     A player CAN, by announcement, "note" an infraction committed by any
     other player in the last 7 days by specifying the incident and the
     rule that contains the SHALL or SHALL NOT (or name of the Infraction
     if it has one). The Investigator of an infraction CAN and SHALL once
     by announcement grant 1 boatload of coins to the player that noted
     the infraction in a timely manner after e does so.

     The Referee's weekly report contains a list of Infractions committed
     in the previous week.

     The Investigator of an infraction CAN, by announcement, "reduce" the
     infraction by specifying a reason and a number between 1 and half of
     N (inclusive and rounded up), where N is the class of the
     infraction. When e does so, N (or all if N is greater than all)
     blots in possession of the infracter are expunged. E SHOULD do so if
     e believes the infraction was inconsequential or unavoidable, or if
     e believes the infracter has fixed it or shown remorse.

     The Investigator of an infraction CAN, by announcement, "increase"
     the infraction by specifying a reason and a number between 1 and
     half of N (inclusive and rounded down), where N is the class of the
     infraction. When e does so, N blots are created in the infracter's
     possession. E SHOULD do so if e believes the infraction was harmful,
     belligerent, or intentional.

     The above notwithstanding, an infraction CANNOT be increased or
     reduced if it happened more than 14 days ago or it has already
     been increased or reduced.

Repeal rules 2557 "Sentencing Guidelines" and 2531 "Defendant's Rights".

Amend Rules 2660 (Birds), 2143 (Official Reports and Duties), 2202
(Ratification Without Objection), 2450 (Pledges), and 2545 (Auctions) in
the given order by replacing every instance of the word "crime" with
"infraction".
