PROPOSAL 8822 (Horse Racing)
AUTHOR: snail
CLASS: ORDINARY
FOR (4): Madrid, Murphy, juan, snail
AGAINST (2): Jason, ais523
PRESENT (0): 
BALLOTS: 6
AI (F/A): 12/6 (AI=1.0)
POPULARITY: 0.333
OUTCOME: ADOPTED

Resolved at: https://mailman.agoranomic.org/cgi-bin/mailman/private/agora-official/2022-August/016232.html

ID: 8822
Title: Horse Racing
Adoption index: 1.0
Author: snail
Co-authors: Murphy


Enact a new rule with title "Horses" and the following text:

{

Horses are indestructible assets, ownable only by players and Agora. Any
horses owned by the lost and found department are immediately transferred
to Agora.

Alexia, Baxter, Cannon, Destructor, Fargo, Nacho, Rubert, and Sugar are
each a horse. These are their names.

Dollaries (singular: dollary) are a fixed currency. Hooves (singular: hoof)
are a fixed currency.

The Horsened is an office and the recordkeepor of dollaries, hooves, and
horses.

Race Position is a Horse switch with possible values of the integers from 0
(default) to 16, tracked by the Horsened.

Race Place is a Horse switch with possible values of first, second, third,
and none (default), tracked by the Horsened.

A horse is Running if it has a Race Place of none.

When the race starts anew, each horse's Race Position is set to 0, each
horse's Race Place is set to none, all horses are transfered to Agora, all
dollaries and hooves are destroyed, and each player receives 10 dollaries.

}


Enact a new rule with title "The Horses Run" and the following text:

{

The horses Run at the start of each week, unless the horses were not
motivated within the last week.

When the horses run, each player gains 1 hoof, movement resolves, and then
if any horses have a Race Position of 16 and a Race Place of none, those
horses cross the finish line in alphabetical order of their names.

When a horse crosses the finish line:

* If no horse has a Race Place of first, the horse's Race Place is set to
first.

* Otherwise, if no horse has a Race Place of second, the horse's Race Place
is set to second.

* Otherwise, the horse's Race Place is set to third and the race ends, and
no horse can cross the finish line until the horses are next motivated.

}


Enact a new rule with title "Horse Victory" and the following text:

{

When the race ends, the following happen, in order:

* the player that owns the horse with a Race Place of first gains 50
dollaries.

* the player that owns the horse with a Race Place of second gains 30
dollaries.

* the player that owns the horse with a Race Place of third gains 15
dollaries.

* For each horse, each player that got both a jersey and a helmet for that
horse since the last time the race started anew gains 5 dollaries.

* For each horse, each player gains a number of dollaries equal to that
horse's current multiplier * the number of dollaries e bet on that horse
since the last time the race started anew.

* The score of the player that has the most dollaries is increased by 15.
In the event of a tie, instead, no score change occurs.

* The race starts anew.

}


Enact a new rule with title "Horse Multiplier" and the following text:

{

A horse's current multiplier is based on the following chart:

1, 2, 3: The horse's Race Place is first, second, or third, respectively.
O: The horse's Race Place is none and Race Position is 12 or more.
X: The horse's Race Place is none and Race Position is less than 12.


HORSE           1 2 3 O X
--------------------
Alexia          5 4 3 1 0
Baxter          5 4 3 1 0
Cannon          6 5 4 1 0
Destructor      6 5 4 1 0
Fargo           7 6 5 1 0
Nacho           7 6 5 1 0
Rubert          9 8 7 1 0
Sugar           9 8 7 1 0

}


Enact a new rule with title "Weekly Race Actions" and the following text:

{

Each player CAN take one of the following actions (weekly race actions) if
they have not already taken one this week:

* bet 1, 2, or 3 dollaries on a specified horse by paying a fee of 1, 2, or
3 dollaries respectively.

* get a jersey for a specified horse, also specifying a horse to be added
to that horse's pull, by paying 1 hoof.

* get a helmet for a specified horse by paying 1 hoof.

* transfer a specified horse owned by Agora to emself by paying a fee equal
to the horse's cost.

* increase or decrease a specified Running horse's Race Position by 1,
twice, by paying 3 hooves.

* take an action defined as a weekly power of a horse e owns by the rules.

* gain 4 dollaries by announcement.

A player CANNOT bet on a horse with a Race Position of 12 or higher unless
e got a helmet for that horse since the race last started anew.

A player CANNOT get a jersey for a horse e has already gotten a jersey for
since the race last started anew.

A player CANNOT get a helmet for a horse e has already gotten a helmet for
since the race last started anew.

The Horsened's weekly report includes, since the race last started anew,
which horses each player has gotten helmets and jerseys for.

}


Enact a new rule with title "Motivating Horses" and the following text:

{

Any player CAN, by announcement if no player has done so yet this week,
motivate the horses, specifying a random horse (the galloper) and a random
number choice of 1, 2, or 3. When movement resolves, the galloper's Race
Position is increased by 1 a number of times equal to the random number
choice, and then each of the galloper's pulls have their Race Position
increased by 1 in alphabetical order of their names.

The horsened SHALL NOT let a week go by without the horses having been
motivated.

Each horse has an associated non-repeating set of horses, their "pulls",
tracked by the Horsened.

When the race begins anew, the horse's pulls are set to the following:

HORSE           PULLS
------------------------
Alexia          Nacho
Baxter          Fargo
Cannon          Alexia
Destructor      Baxter
Fargo           Alexia, Destructor
Nacho           Baxter, Cannon
Rubert          Alexia, Cannon
Sugar           Baxter, Destructor

}


Enact a new rule with title "Horse Powers" and the following text:

{

Each horse has a power which applies only to the player that owns it (the
owner), and a cost (in dollaries). They are listed below.

HORSE           COST (dollaries)
--------------------
Alexia          10
Baxter          10
Cannon          8
Destructor      8
Fargo           6
Nacho           6
Rubert          4
Sugar           4

Alexia's power: Once per month, the owner CAN take a weekly race action, so
long as e specifies it's via this power in the same message.

Baxter's power: Whenever Baxter moves forward because of being chosen as
the galloper, the owner gains 2 dollaries.

Cannon's power: Once per month, the owner CAN increase Cannon's Race
Position by 1 by announcement, if Cannon is Running.

Destructor's power: Once per month, the owner CAN decrease a specified
Running horse's Race Position by 1, twice, by announcement.

Fargo's power: (WEEKLY POWER)  * get a helmet for and bet 2 dollaries on a
specified horse, by paying 1 hoof.

Nacho's power: (WEEKLY POWER)  * get a jersey for a specified horse, also
specifying a horse to be added to another specified horse's pull, by paying
1 hoof.

Rubert's power: (WEEKLY POWER)  * bet 1, 2, or 3 dollaries on a specified
horse, and if the horse has the lowest race position or is tied for the
lowest race position, increase its race position by 1, 3 times, by paying a
fee of 1, 2, or 3 dollaries respectively.

Sugar's power: (WEEKLY POWER)  * get a helmet for and increase the Race
Position of a specified horse by 1, by paying 1 hoof.

}
