PROPOSAL 8830 (Justice & Forgiveness 2.1)
AUTHOR: nix
CLASS: ORDINARY
FOR (9): G., Gaelan, Janet, Madrid, Murphy, R. Lee, ais523, nix, snail
AGAINST (0): 
PRESENT (2): 4st, juan
BALLOTS: 11
AI (F/A): 27/0 (AI=2.0)
POPULARITY: 0.818
OUTCOME: ADOPTED

Resolved at: https://mailman.agoranomic.org/cgi-bin/mailman/private/agora-official/2022-August/016256.html

ID: 8830
Title: Justice & Forgiveness 2.1
Adoption index: 2.0
Author: nix
Co-authors: Janet, G., Murphy, snail


Retitle R2478, "Vigilante Justice" to "Justice".

Amend R2478, "Justice", to read, in full:

       An Infraction is a violation of a rule. The person who committed
       an infraction is its infracter.

       The Investigator for an infraction is the Referee unless e is the
       infracter. Otherwise, it is the Arbitor.

       The Class of an infraction is 2 unless a rule specifies a
       different Class for it.

       The Base of an infraction is N, where N is the number of
       previously-investigated, unforgiven infractions that have been
       committed by the same person in the last 30 days. The previous
       notwithstanding, if the base of an infraction would be greater
       than its class, the infraction's base is equal to its class.

       Within 14 days of an infraction being committed, the Investigator
       CAN investigate the infraction by announcement, specifying a
       number of blots between the Base and the Class of the infraction,
       inclusive. When e does so, that many blots are created in the
       possession of the infracter.

       The previous notwithstanding, an Investigator CANNOT investigate
       an infraction that has already been investigated or forgiven. The
       Investigator of a noted, unforgiven infraction SHALL investigate
       the infraction in a timely manner after it has been noted; failure
       to do so is the Class N crime of Favoritism, where N is equal to
       the Class of the noted infraction.

       A player CAN, by announcement, "note" an unforgiven infraction
       committed by any other player in the last 7 days, specifying the
       incident and the rule it violates (or name of the Infraction if it
       has one).

       The Referee's weekly report contains a list of noted and
       investigated Infractions committed in the previous week.

Enact a new P=1.7 rule titled "Forgiveness" with the following text:

       All infractions that have not been forgiven are unforgiven.

       Any player CAN, with Agoran Consent, "forgive" an unforgiven
       infraction that occured in the last 30 days. When an infraction is
       forgiven, if the infraction was investigated, a number of blots in
       the possession of the infracter equal to the number of blots
       specified by the investigation are destroyed or, if e has less
       blots than specified, all eir blots are destroyed. The previous
       notwithstanding, a player cannot forgive or support an intent to
       forgive eir own infraction.

Reenact R2531, "Defendant's Rights", with the following text:

       An infraction is automatically forgiven if:

         (1) the alleged infracter can't be established by a
             preponderance of the evidence to have committed the
             infraction

         (2) at the time the alleged infraction occured, it was not an
             infraction;

         (3) the infraction was for failure to take an action that the
             infracter, through no fault of eir own, COULD NOT have
             performed;

         (4) the infraction is for conduct that the infracter, through no
             fault of eir own, was obliged to undertake by a rule of
             equal or greater power to the one e violated; or

         (5) the infracter could not have avoided the infraction when
             exercising the highest reasonably possible standard of care;
