PROPOSAL 8854 (Attainder)
AUTHOR: Jason
CLASS: DEMOCRATIC
FOR (8): 4st, G., Gaelan, Jason, Madrid, Murphy, cuddlybanana, juan
AGAINST (0): 
PRESENT (1): snail
BALLOTS: 9
AI (F/A): 24/0 (AI=3.0)
POPULARITY: 0.889
OUTCOME: ADOPTED
[
Murphy: Endorsement of Madrid
snail: Conditional resolved: Proposal 8853 has passed
]

Resolved at: https://mailman.agoranomic.org/cgi-bin/mailman/private/agora-official/2022-September/016338.html

ID: 8854
Title: Attainder
Adoption index: 3.0
Author: Jason
Co-authors: 


For the purposes of this proposal, "Madrid" is the person who, at the
time of this proposal's submission, was a player and who was known as
"Madrid" to the average Agoran.

Madrid is hereby deregistered.
Madrid's instance of the Banned switch is hereby flipped to true.

[
This is a bill of attainder. Its purpose is to deregister and, if
possible, ban Madrid as a sanction for a series of incidents on the
lists and on the unofficial Discord server. This is not in response to
any single incident, but rather a pattern of behavior. This is
additionally not in response to Madrid's distaste for Spivak pronouns
itself, regardless of the timing of this submission.

Madrid's actions and views have resulted in two deregistrations (one
successful FAGE and one attempted FAGE that wasn't a FAGE due to a
technicality), hostile exchanges of words on list, and an atmosphere on
the Discord that discourages participation in discussion. No other
single player's non-gameplay actions and expressions of views have
resulting in similar responses from other players.

This proposal is phrased in such a way that, if adopted, Madrid will be
unconditionally deregisted and will be Banned if the associated proposal
"Unfortunately" has been adopted. Even if "Unfortunately" has not been
adopted, the adoption of this proposal represents the AI-3 consensus
that Madrid is not welcome. If this occurs, and "Unfortunately" failed
due to a technical reason rather than apparent rejection of the idea,
the author will pursue further proposals to officialize the ban.
]
