PROPOSAL 8868 (Slippery Stones v2.1)
AUTHOR: nix
CLASS: ORDINARY
FOR (5): Jason%, Shy Owl, juan, nix, snail%
AGAINST (0): 
PRESENT (1): Murphy
BALLOTS: 6
AI (F/A): 19/0 (AI=2.0)
POPULARITY: 0.833
OUTCOME: ADOPTED

Resolved at: https://mailman.agoranomic.org/cgi-bin/mailman/private/agora-official/2022-November/016559.html

ID: 8868
Title: Slippery Stones v2.1
Adoption index: 2.0
Author: nix
Co-authors: G., ais523, Jason, ziproot


Amend R2640, "Stones", by replacing:


      The escape risk of the stone, which must be a percentage between 0%
      and 100% inclusive;

with:

      The smoothness of the stone, which is a non-negative integer;

and appending to the end the following paragraphs:

      Mossiness is a Stone switch with values of non-negative integers
      and a default of 0 tracked by the Stonemason. When a stone is
      transfered, its Mossiness is set to 0. The mossiest stone(s) in a
      set of stone is (are) the stone(s) with the highest Mossiness
      value.

      The Slipperiness of a stone is that stone's smoothness plus its
      mossiness.

Amend R2641, "Wielding Stones", by replacing:

      If a stone has a frequency, then it is IMPOSSIBLE to wield that
      stone if it has been previously wielded in the same Agoran time
      interval as indicated by its frequency (e.g. if its frequency is
      daily, if it has been wielded in the same Agoran day).

with:

      A stone with a frequency that has been wielded in the corresponding
      Agoran time interval is Hot for the remainder of the time period
      (e.g. if the frequency is daily, it is hot for the remainder of the
      Agoran day it was wielded during).

      While a stone is hot, it is IMPOSSIBLE to wield it or to transfer
      it by announcement

Amend R2642, "Distributing Stones", to be titled "Gathering Stones" and
to read in full:

      A player who has not possessed a stone in the last 30 days CAN, by
      announcement, transfer the mossiest stone (if there is a tie, then
      a specified stone tied for mossiest) Agora owns to emself. E SHOULD
      specify the stone when doing so.

Amend R2643, "Collecting Stones", to read in full:

      Once per month, the Stonemason CAN publish a Collection Notice by
      announcement, specifying all necessary information and choices. The
      Stonemason SHALL publish such a notice in a timely fashion after
      the beginning of each Agoran month.

      A Collection Notice includes a random numbers between 1 and 6; this
      is the Escape Minimum.

      When a Collection Notice is published, for each player eir
      non-immune stone with the highest slipperiness equal to or above
      the Escape Minimum is transferred to Agora. If there is a tie, the
      Stone Mason selects which one escapes. If e has no such stones,
      none of eir stones are transferred to Agora. The mossiness of all
      stones that are not transferred is incremented by 1.

Amend R2645, The Stones to read in full:

      The following stones are defined, one per paragraph, with the
      following format: Stone Name (Frequency, Smoothness): Scroll.

      - Power Stone (weekly, 2): A specified player (defaulting to the
        wielder if not specified) is Power Stoned; Power Stoning is
        secured. A player's voting strength on a referendum on an
        ordinary proposal is increased by 3 for each time that e was
        Power Stoned during the referendum's voting period.

      - Soul Stone (weekly, 3): The Soul Stone is hereby transferred
        to the owner of a different specified non-immune stone, then
        that stone is transferred to the wielder.

      - Sabotage Stone (weekly, 4): The adoption index of a specified
        AI-majority Agoran decision is hereby increased by 1.

      - Jockey Stone (monthly, 3): A specified Running horse's Race
        Position is increased by 1.

      - Protection Stone (monthly, 4): A specified stone is granted
        immunity.

      - Recursion Stone (Monthly, 4): The recursion stone can be
        wielded once per month as if it had the power of any other stone
        of your choice.

      - Hot Potato Stone (Weekly, 5):  When this stone is wielded, the
        wielder specifies an eligible player and gains 8 points. The
        stone is transferred to the eligible player. An eligible player
        is one who has not owned this stone since the last time Agora
        owned it. If this  stone is not owned by Agora, it cannot
        otherwise be transferred, other rules notwithstanding. This stone
        is immune if 3 or more players have wielded it since the most
        recent collection notice.

      - Blank Stone (Monthly, 0): This stone has no effect.

      - Mason's Stone (None, 0): If the Mason's Stone is owned by the
        Stonemason, its Mossiness is continuously set to 0. If the
        Mason's Stone is owned by Agora, it is transferred to the
        Stonemason.

      - Anti-Equatorial Stone (Monthly, 5): The mossiest stone is
        transferred to the wielder. When this happens, the
        Anti-Equatorial Stone's mossiness is incremented by 1.

      - Score Stone (Weekly, 3): A specified player's (defaulting to the
        wielder if not specified) Score is increased by 3.
