PROPOSAL 8878 (Clearer Dream Text)
AUTHOR: nix
CLASS: ORDINARY
FOR (4): Janet, Murphy, juan, snail
AGAINST (0): 
PRESENT (0): 
BALLOTS: 4
AI (F/A): 12/0 (AI=2.0)
POPULARITY: 1.000
OUTCOME: ADOPTED

Resolved at: https://mailman.agoranomic.org/cgi-bin/mailman/private/agora-official/2023-January/016684.html

ID: 8878
Title: Clearer Dream Text
Adoption index: 2.0
Author: nix
Co-authors: 


[This is a minor change to everything. Instead of saying "a player with
the X Dream", this version defines "X Dreamer" to mean that, and then
uses that in each description for brevity/clarity. Also tweaked Power's
wording.]

Amend R2675 (Dream of Wandering) to read in full:

       The Dream Keeper is an office; its holder is responsible for
       keeping track of the dreams of all active players.

       Dream is a secured active player switch, tracked by the Dream
       Keeper in eir weekly report, with possible values any Dream,
       defaulting to Wandering. An "X Dreamer" is a player with eir Dream
       switch set to X.

       An active player CAN "envision" eir own Dream, specifying any
       valid value for eir Dream, by announcement. When the rules state
       that the wandering occurs, every active player's Dream is set to
       the value e most recently envisioned. If a player did not envision
       a dream since the last wandering, it is not flipped.

       A wandering occurs at the beginning of each week.

       The following is an exhaustive list of all Dreams and the rules
       relevant to each dream:

       - Wandering: This dream has no effect.

       - Charity: The Charity Item is the item type that the L&FD owns
         the most of (if there is a tie, the first the L&FD owned, and if
         still tied, the first alphabetically). Immediately after a
         wandering, for each Charity Dreamer, in reverse order of when
         eir Dream was last flipped (and in reverse order of registration
         if tied), one item of the Charity type is transferred from the
         L&FD to em.

       - Justice: Immediately after a wandering, 1 blot is expunged from
         each Justice Dreamer. If a Justice Dreamer had no blots
         immediately after a wandering, e CAN onceexpunge one blot, by
         announcement, from a specified player before the next wandering.

       - Sharing: Immediately after a wandering, each Sharing Dreamer has
         eir points increased by X / Y, rounded down, where X is half the
         number of active players, rounded up, and Y is the number of
         Sharing Dreamers.

       - Wealth: Immediately after a wandering, X stamps of eir own type
         are granted to each Wealth Dreamer. When less than 8 Stamps of
         eir type exist, X is 2. When 8 to 15 Stamps of eir type exist, X
         is 1. When 16 ore more Stamps of eir type exist, X is 0.

       - Machinery: A Machinery Dreamer CAN Flip the Device with Agoran
         Consent. A Machinery Dreamer CAN take a specified action on
         behalf of the the device with 1 support.

       - Gardens: Once per week, a Gardens Dreamer CAN, by announcement,
         transfer the mossiest stone (if there is a tie, then a specified
         stone tied for mossiest) Agora owns to emself. E SHOULD specify
         the stone when doing so.

       - Power: Each Power Dreamer has eir voting strength increased by 2
         for referenda on ordinary proposals.

       - Revolution: A revolution is happening if the majority of active
         players are Revolution Dreamers. Immediately after a wandering,
         if a revolution is not happening, then all Revolution Dreamers
         have eir score decreased by 1 to a minimum of 0. Immediately
         after a wandering, if a revolution is happening, then all
         players have eir score set to 100-X, where X was eir score when
         the wandering occured, and all player's Dreams are set to
         Wandering.
