PROPOSAL 8901 (Clarify deputisation)
AUTHOR: Murphy
CLASS: DEMOCRATIC
FOR (3): Janet, Murphy, snail
AGAINST (0): 
PRESENT (4): 4st, R. Lee, juan, nix
BALLOTS: 7
AI (F/A): 9/0 (AI=3.0)
POPULARITY: 0.429
OUTCOME: ADOPTED
[
4st: Endorsement of non-voter ais523: Inextricable
]

Resolved at: https://mailman.agoranomic.org/cgi-bin/mailman/private/agora-official/2023-February/016817.html

ID: 8901
Title: Clarify deputisation
Adoption index: 3.0
Author: Murphy
Co-authors: 


Amend Rule 2160 (Deputisation) to read:

       A player acting as emself (the deputy) CAN perform an action
       ordinarily reserved for an office-holder as if e held the office
       if all of the following are true:

         1) The rules require the holder of that office, by virtue of
            holding that office, to perform the action. (This requirement
            is fulfilled by the deputy performing the action.)

         2) It would be POSSIBLE for the deputy to perform the action,
            other than by deputisation, if e held the office.

         3) The deputy, when performing the action, announces that e is
            doing so by deputisation or by temporary deputisation.

         4) The deputy has not held the office in the past 7 days.

      (If the office is vacant, then the remaining items in this list
      need not be true.)

         5) A time limit by which the rules require the action to be
            performed has expired.

         6) The office's holder has not changed in the past 7 days.

         7) Any of the following are true:

              a) The deputy announced between 2 and 14 days earlier that
                 e intended to deputise for that office for the purposes
                 of the particular action.

              b) The time limit expired between 14 and 28 days ago.

              c) The time limit expired more than 28 days ago, and the
                 deputisation is temporary.

       When a player deputises for an elected office, e becomes the
       holder of that office, unless the deputisation is temporary,
       and/or the action being performed would already install someone
       into that office.
