PROPOSAL 8951 (Gathering Stone Power v3)
AUTHOR: nix
CLASS: ORDINARY
FOR (0): 
AGAINST (5): G.&, Janet/, Yachay Wayllukuq, nix%, snail^
PRESENT (3): 4st*, ais523, juan$
BALLOTS: 8
AI (F/A): 0/32 (AI=2.0)
POPULARITY: -0.625
OUTCOME: REJECTED
[
4st: Endorsement of juan
]

Resolved at: https://mailman.agoranomic.org/cgi-bin/mailman/private/agora-official/2023-April/016981.html

ID: 8951
Title: Gathering Stone Power v3
Adoption index: 2.0
Author: nix
Co-authors: 4st, Janet


[This proposal simplifies and overhauls stones. Players have Gathering
Power, which goes up by 1 every week (+1 more for Garden Dreamers). At
4 Gathering Power, a player can grab a stone from Agora. Stones are
overdue if they have been away from Agora for 8-X weeks, where X is
smoothness. The Stonemason collects overdue stones once a month.]

[
v2 changes:
- fix typo from 'decreased by 1' to 'decreased by 4'.
v3 changes:
- reintroduce hot (almost got rid of frequencies by accident, ty 4st)
- method to collect (oops, ty 4st)
]

[Remove mossiness and slipperiness. These aren't used in the
new system.]

Amend R2640 by removing:

       Mossiness is a Stone switch with values of non-negative integers
       and a default of 0 tracked by the Stonemason. When a stone is
       transferred from Agora to a player or from a player to Agora, its
       Mossiness is set to 0. The mossiest stone(s) in a set of stone is
       (are) the stone(s) with the highest Mossiness value.

       The Slipperiness of a stone is that stone's smoothness plus its
       mossiness.

[Allow freely transferring hot stones, since that's not particularly
exploitable in this paradigm.]

Amend R2641 by removing "or to transfer it by announcement".

[Now stones are gathered by having 4+ Gathering Power. Gathering Power
goes up weekly.]

Amend R2642 to read in full:

       Gathering Power is an active player switch, with values of
       positive integers and defaulting to 0, tracked by the Stonemason.

       At the beginning of each week, every active player's Gathering
       Power is increased by 1.

       A player with Gathering Power of 4 or more CAN, by announcement,
       transfer any stone from Agora to emself. When e does so, eir
       Gathering Power is decreased by 4.

Amend R2675 by replacing:

       - Gardens: Immediately after a wandering, the Base Rockiness of
         each Gardens Dreamer is increased by 1.

with:

       - Gardens: Immediately after a wandering, the Gathering Power of
         each Gardens Dreamer is increased by 1.

Amend R2499 by adding, after the bulleted list:

       When a player receives a Welcome Package, set eir Gathering Power
       to 4.

[Collection is now just on a timer, no more randomness.]

Amend R2643 to read in full:

       A stone that has not been owned by Agora in the last 8-X weeks,
       where X is its smoothness, is overdue.

       Once a month, the Stonemason CAN "collect" all non-immune overdue
       stones by announcement. E SHALL do so in a timely fashion after
       the start of the month. When e does so, they are transferred to
       Agora.

Enact a new, P=2 rule titled "Stone Keywords":

       A stone is "immune" if (and only if) it has been granted immunity
       since the last time the Stonemason collected stones or it is owned
       by Agora. Granting immunity is secured.

       To "drop" a stone is to transfer it to Agora.

[Finally, some stone changes. Cairn to replace Anti-Equatorial, Toggle
and Distracting to play with the new mechanics.]

Amend R2645 by removing:

       - Anti-Equatorial Stone (Monthly, 5): When wielded, the mossiest
         non-immune stone is transferred to the wielder. If more than one
         such stone is tied for mossiest, a specified one is transferred.
         When this happens, the Anti-Equatorial Stone's mossiness is
         incremented by 1.

and appending (to the end):

       - Cairn Stone (Monthly, 3): When wielded, two specified stones
         owned by the wielder are dropped, and one specified non-immune
         stone is transferred to the wielder.

       - Toggle Stone (Monthly, 6): When wielded, a specified stone is
         dropped then transferred back to its owner, and then this stone
         is dropped.

       - Distracting Stone (Weekly, 4): When wielded, reduce the
         Gathering Power of the wielder and a specified player by X,
         where X is a specified positive integer equal to or less than
         the wielder's current Gathering Power.
