PROPOSAL 8976 (Ruleset convergance)
AUTHOR: Janet
CLASS: DEMOCRATIC
FOR (8): 4st, G., Janet, Murphy, Yachay Wayllukuq, ais523, juan, snail
AGAINST (1): nix
PRESENT (0): 
BALLOTS: 9
AI (F/A): 24/3 (AI=3.0)
POPULARITY: 0.778
OUTCOME: ADOPTED
[
nix: Conditional resolved: Janet has not submitted a proposal to ratify the ruleset in the past week
]

Resolved at: https://mailman.agoranomic.org/cgi-bin/mailman/private/agora-official/2023-May/017092.html and https://mailman.agoranomic.org/cgi-bin/mailman/private/agora-official/2023-May/017094.html and https://mailman.agoranomic.org/cgi-bin/mailman/private/agora-business/2023-May/051548.html

ID: 8976
Title: Ruleset convergance
Adoption index: 3.0
Author: Janet
Co-authors: 


Amend Rule 2202 ("Ratification Without Objection") to read, in whole:

{

A public document is part (possibly all) of a public message.

A player CAN, without objection, ratify a specified public document.

Ratification Without Objection CANNOT cause the repeal, amendment,
enactment, or mutation of any Rule, rules to the contrary notwithstanding.

A player SHALL NOT knowingly use or announce intent to use Ratification
Without Objection to ratify a (prior to ratification) document
containing incorrect or Indeterminate information when a corrected
document could be produced with reasonable effort, unless the general
nature of the document's error and reason for ratifying it is clearly
and plainly described in the announcement of intent. Such ratification
or announcement of intent to ratify is the Class 8 Infraction of
Endorsing Forgery.

}


Amend Rule 2422 ("Voting Strength") to read, in whole:

{

The voting strength of an entity on an Agoran decision is an integer
between 0 and 15 inclusive, defined by rules of power 2 or greater. If
not otherwise specified, the voting strength of an entity on an Agoran
decision is 3.

When multiple rules set or modify an entity's voting strength on an
Agoran decision, it shall be determined by first applying the rule(s)
which set it to a specific value, using the ordinary precedence of
rules, and then applying the rules, other than this one, which modify
it, in numerical order by ID. Finally, if the result of the calculation
is not an integer, it is rounded up, and then if it is outside the
allowable range of values for voting strength, it is set to the minimum
value if it was less and the maximum value if it was more.

}


Amend Rule 2139 ("The Registrar") to read, in whole:

{

The Registrar is an office; its holder is responsible for keeping track
of players.

The Registrar's weekly report includes:

1. A list of all players, including information sufficient to identify
and contact each player.

2. The date on which each player most recently became a player.

3. For each forum with non-Foreign publicity, sufficient instructions
for players to receive messages there.

The Registrar's monthly report includes:

1. For each former player for which the information is reasonably
available, the dates on which e registered and deregistered.

}


Amend Rule 103 ("The Speaker") to read, in whole:

{

The Speaker is an imposed office and the figurehead leader of Agora. The
player or players who have most recently won the game are called
Laureled. If at any time the office of Speaker is vacant, or when one or
more players win Agora, then the Prime Minister CAN once appoint a
Laureled player to the office of Speaker by announcement.

Whenever the Prime Minister CAN appoint a Laureled player to the office
of Speaker, e SHALL do so in a timely manner, except that the Prime
Minister MAY defer appointing a new Speaker while there is pending one
or more open CFJs that could plausibly determine or affect the question
of whether a player is Laureled.  If the Prime Minister is emself
Laureled, eir power to appoint a Speaker continues for the entirety of a
message in which e resigns as Prime Minister, and if e is the only
Laureled player, e CAN void that power, and thereby discharge the
obligation to use it, by announcing that e declines to take the office.

If the office of Speaker has been held continuously by the same person
for the past 90+ days, then any player CAN appoint another player to the
office with support.

}


[Reset the above rules to what they should be and were thought to be
before the insufficient power errors were discovered.]
