PROPOSAL 9000 (Brights)
AUTHOR: snail
CLASS: ORDINARY
FOR (3): 4st*, Murphy%, snail^
AGAINST (3): G.&, Janet*, ais523^
PRESENT (1): juan$
BALLOTS: 7
AI (F/A): 19/21 (AI=1.5)
POPULARITY: 0.000
OUTCOME: REJECTED

Resolved at: https://mailman.agoranomic.org/cgi-bin/mailman/private/agora-official/2023-June/017166.html

ID: 9000
Title: Brights
Adoption index: 1.5
Author: snail
Co-authors: Janet, ais523, Yachay Wayllukuq


[First let's change how radiance resets work. This should reduce the timing
woes of the current system, and encourage spending stamps:]

Amend Rule 2656 (Radiance) to read, in full:
{
      A player's Radiance is an integer player switch defaulting to 0,
      tracked by the Herald. When a player is "granted" or "gains" a
      specified amount of radiance, eir radiance is increased by that
      amount.

      Brights are a currency, tracked by the Herald. When a player wins the
game, e gains 1 Bright. A player with a radiance of 25 or more CAN, by
announcement, gain 1 bright, thereby decreasing eir radiance by 25.

      At the start of each quarter, the player(s) with the highest radiance
each gain 5 brights, and then each player gains X/25 brights, rounded down,
where X is eir radiance. Then, all radiance switches are set to 0, and all
unsealed stamps are destroyed.

If a player would gain radiance less than 7 days before the beginning of a
Quarter, e instead gains 1/(7-X) times that amount, rounded down, where X
is the number of full days before the beginning of the Quarter.
}

[So you get brights when the quarter ends, if you have enough radiance.
What can you do with them? Lots of things!]

Enact a new rule titled "Bright Abilities" at power 1, with the following
text:
{
A player CAN, by paying a fee of 1 bright, increase eir Base Rockiness by 1.

A player CAN, by paying a fee of 1 bright, seal up to 5 specified stamps.

A player CAN, by paying a fee of 2 brights, transfer a specified liquid
asset from the Lost and Found Department to emself.

A player CAN, by paying a fee of 4 brights, increase the radiance of 5
different specified players by 10 each.

A player CAN, by paying a fee of 5 brights, start a new cascade. A player
CAN, by paying a fee of 3 brights, end a specified cascade. If a cascade
was started at least 7 days ago and has not been ended, any player CAN,
by announcement, destroy all brights. Doing so ends all cascades.

A player CAN, by paying a fee of 10 brights, win the game. 14 days after a
player wins the game this way, all brights are destroyed, and then each
player is granted 1 bright.
}

[What's this about sealed stamps? You can protect your stamps from the
quarterly reset by paying brights or radiance, in exchange for only being
able to use them for the non-radiance wincon.]

Amend Rule 2659 (Stamps) to read, in full:
{
      Stamps are a category of asset ownable by players . The
      Collector is an office. The Collector tracks Stamps in eir weekly
      report.

      For each person there is a corresponding type of stamp.

      Sealed is a negative boolean Stamp switch, tracked by the Collector.
To "seal" a stamp is to make it Sealed. To "unseal" a stamp is to make it
not Sealed (syn. unsealed).

Stamps with the same type and Sealed switch value are fungible.

A player with at least 10 radiance CAN, by announcement, seal a specified
stamp e owns, thereby decreasing eir radiance by 10.

      Any player CAN, once per week, pay X  unsealed Stamps, where each
specified Stamp is a different type, to gain (X^2)-X radiance.

      Any player CAN, once per week, pay X unsealed Stamps, where each
Stamp is the same type, to gain (X-1)*2 radiance.

      Any player CAN win by paying N Stamps, where N is the current
      number of active players and each specified Stamp is of a
      different type.
}

[Note: this should be resolved after proposal "Stamp fungibility" if
adopted.]

[I hope these changes seem good and interesting! The balance may be a bit
off, but we can change it as we go, and add and remove bright abilities as
we see fit. There's bound to be some good ones I couldn't think of!]
