PROPOSAL 9058 (Things Mean What They're Meant to Mean)
AUTHOR: Aris
CLASS: DEMOCRATIC
FOR (6): Aris, Mercury, Murphy, Yachay Wayllukuq, nix, snail
AGAINST (0): 
PRESENT (3): Janet, juan, kiako
BALLOTS: 9
AI (F/A): 18/0 (AI=3.0)
POPULARITY: 0.667
OUTCOME: ADOPTED
[
Janet: Endorsement of non-voter ais523: Inextricable
kiako: Janet is the Rulekeepor: Endorsement of Janet
snail: Endorsement of Aris
]

Resolved at: https://mailman.agoranomic.org/cgi-bin/mailman/private/agora-official/2024-March/017634.html

ID: 9058
Title: Things Mean What They're Meant to Mean
Adoption index: 3.0
Author: Aris
Co-authors: G.


Amend Rule 105, "Rule Changes", by adding at the end of the paragraph:

  A rule change is any effect that falls into the above classes.
  Rule changes always occur sequentially, never simultaneously.

the text:

  If a specification would ever be interpreted as causing multiple changes
to
  happen at once, it is instead interpreted as attempting to cause them to
  occur separately, in the order they are listed in the specification.

and by replacing the paragraph:

  Any ambiguity in the specification of a rule change causes that
  change to be void and without effect. An inconsequential variation
  in the quotation of an existing rule does not constitute ambiguity
  for the purposes of this rule, but any other variation does.

with:

  Any ambiguity in the specification of a rule change causes that
  change to be void and without effect. An inconsequential variation
  in the quotation of an existing rule does not constitute ambiguity
  for the purposes of this rule. Furthermore, if the change being specified
  would be clear to any reasonable player, the specification is not
ambiguous,
  even if it is incorrect or unclear on its face. This provision does not
  prevent the specification of undesirable changes; for instance, an
amendment
  which adds a typo is not corrected to remove the typo.

and by replacing the text:

   5. retitle (syn. amend the title of) a rule.

with:

   5. retitle a rule.

[Removing the synonym, since it should now be unneeded.]

At 4st's request, it is publicly noted that e is very silly for calling
this proposal an unneeded bug fix.

[Some further examples of what should now work:

1. An amendment to the power of a rule is read as a change in the rule's
power.
2. A repeal of a section of a rule is read as an amendment which removes
that
   section.
3. Ellipses are read sensibly in rule quotations.
4. "Enact the following:" enacts the rule, unless it could sensibly be read
   as enacting a regulation.
5. "Append the following paragraph" works even if two paragraphs are clearly
    specified. (It still fails if it's unclear whether the text means one or
    two paragraphs though.)

You get the point.]
