PROPOSAL 9059 (Ambiguity Amendment)
AUTHOR: Maloney
CLASS: ORDINARY
FOR (0): 
AGAINST (7): Aris%, Janet+, Murphy%, Yachay Wayllukuq%, kiako, nix, snail^
PRESENT (2): Mercury, juan$
BALLOTS: 9
AI (F/A): 0/36 (AI=1.0)
POPULARITY: -0.778
OUTCOME: REJECTED

Resolved at: https://mailman.agoranomic.org/cgi-bin/mailman/private/agora-official/2024-March/017634.html

ID: 9059
Title: Ambiguity Amendment
Adoption index: 1.0
Author: Maloney
Co-authors: 


Amend the following text of rule 105/23, Rule Changes, as delineated by the
first set quotation marks within this proposal by replacing the entirety of
the bolded, italicised, and underlined portion of the text with the text
delineated by the second set of quotation marks within this proposal:

"*Any ambiguity in the specification of a rule change causes that change to
be void and without effect.* An inconsequential variation in the quotation
of an existing rule does not constitute ambiguity for the purposes of this
rule, but any other variation does."

"Ambiguity which would reasonably alter the function of a rule change or
cause reasonable doubt that a rule change is being made causes that change
to be void and without effect."

All text in this proposal between the given ID of this proposal (which
terminates at the first character 3 within this proposal) and the start of
this sentence (which begins with the phrase "All text" after a line break)
are part of the rule change proposed within this proposal. The text within
this paragraph is not a part of the proposed rule change. This proposal is
proposed as an attempt to make a change in the rules, specifically an
amendment to the rule 105/23, which is titled Rule Changes. The text to be
amended is located within rule 105/23 within the ninth (9th) body of text
within that rule. This proposal is being sent to a public forum, as per the
necessary publicity of a rule announcement. Should the formatting of this
proposal be lost, it should be noted that the bolded, italicised, and
underlined text reads as "*Any ambiguity in the specification of a rule
change causes that change to be void and without effect.*" and that the
amendment proposed in this proposal replaces that text entirely, removing
it from the rule, and applying the replacement text ("Ambiguity which would
reasonably alter the function of a rule change or cause reasonable doubt
that a rule change is being made causes that change to be void and without
effect.") within the same place as the replaced text.

##This is a clearly marked comment clarifying that there are no other
comments within this message not a part of this proposal other than the one
preceding the proposal. The proposal begins with the title of the proposal
(the text "Name: Ambiguity Amendment").
