PROPOSAL 9084 (Oneironauts in the Ocean)
AUTHOR: kiako
CLASS: ORDINARY
FOR (3): Gaelan, kiako, nix%
AGAINST (2): Janet^, R. Lee$
PRESENT (4): Murphy%, ais523*, juan$, snail^
BALLOTS: 9
AI (F/A): 11/10 (AI=2.0)
POPULARITY: 0.111
OUTCOME: REJECTED
[
Murphy: snail is the Dream Keeper: Endorsement of snail
]

Resolved at: https://mailman.agoranomic.org/cgi-bin/mailman/private/agora-official/2024-April/017715.html

ID: 9084
Title: Oneironauts in the Ocean
Adoption index: 2.0
Author: kiako
Co-authors: 


Amend Rule 2675 ("Dream of Wandering") so that the list of Dreams reads in
its entirety:

{
- Wandering: This dream has no effect.

- Charity: Immediately after a wandering, one stamp (chosen by
most-to-least owned by the L&FD at time of transfer, tie-broken
alphabetically) is transferred to each Charity Dreamer (in order from
least-to-most stamps owned, tie-broken alphabetically) from the L&FD. If
the number of Wealth Dreamers is more than the number of Charity Dreamers,
this process happens a second time. If it is more than twice the number of
Charity Dreamers, this happens a third time.


- Justice: Immediately after a wandering, a number of blots are expunged
from each Justice Dreamer equal to one-half the number of Power Dreamers,
rounded up. If a Justice Dreamer had no blots immediately after a
wandering, e CAN once expunge one blot, by announcement, from a specified
player before the next wandering.


- Sharing: Immediately after a wandering, each Sharing Dreamer has eir
Radiance increased by X/Y, rounded down, where X is the number of
non-Wandering, non-Sharing Dreamers, and Y is the number of Sharing
Dreamers.


- Wealth: Immediately after a wandering, X stamps of eir own type are
granted to each Wealth Dreamer, where X is the minimum of the following:

  - One more than the number of true statements among the following:
    - Fewer than 8 stamps of eir own type exist.
    - There are at least 3 Wealth Dreamers.
    - There are at most 2 Charity Dreamers.

  - 16 minus the number of stamps of eir own type that exist, to a minimum
of 0.


- Gardens: Immediately after a wandering, the Base Rockiness of each
Gardens Dreamer is increased by the number of Gardens Dreamers, and the
Base Rockiness of each non-Gardens Dreamer is decreased by 1 to a minimum
of 0.


- Power: Let Y be the number of Dreamers of the non-Wandering, non-Power
Dream with the most Dreamers. Each Power Dreamer has eir voting strength
increased by X for referenda on ordinary proposals, where X is

  - 1 if Y is at most 2,
  - 2 if Y is between 3 and 5 (inclusive),
  - 3 if Y is between 6 and 9 (inclusive), and
  - 4 if Y is at least 10.

- Revolution: A revolution is happening if the majority of active players
are Revolution Dreamers. Immediately after a wandering, if a revolution is
not happening, then all Revolution Dreamers have eir radiance decreased by
1 to a minimum of 0. Immediately after a wandering, if a revolution is
happening, then all players have eir radiance set to 100-X, where X was eir
radiance when the wandering occurred, and all player's Dreams are set to
Wandering.

}
