PROPOSAL 9136 (Sorting out sortition)
AUTHOR: Janet
CLASS: DEMOCRATIC
FOR (7): Janet, Mischief, Murphy, ais523, juan, juniper, snail
AGAINST (0): 
PRESENT (1): Yachay Wayllukuq
BALLOTS: 8
AI (F/A): 21/0 (AI=3.0)
POPULARITY: 0.875
OUTCOME: ADOPTED

Resolved at: https://mailman.agoranomic.org/cgi-bin/mailman/private/agora-official/2024-July/017906.html

ID: 9136
Title: Sorting out sortition
Adoption index: 3.0
Author: Janet
Co-authors: Kate, Mischief


Amend Rule 2691 ("Sortition Procedure") by, as a single amendment,
replacing the pargraph
{
At the beginning of each quarter, the ADoP CAN by announcement, and
SHALL in a timely manner, initiate a sorition for each sortitioned
office if e has not already done so for that office.
}
with the following paragraphs:
{
A player CAN by announcement initiate a sortition for a vacant
sortitioned office for which a sortition is not ongoing. At the
beginning of each quarter, for each sortitioned office for which a
sortition is not ongoing, the ADoP CAN once by announcement, and SHALL
in a timely fashion, initiate a sortition.

Rules to the contrary notwithstanding, a sortition CANNOT be initiated
for an office for which a sortition is ongoing.
}
and by appending the following paragraph:
{
If a sortition is ever ongoing for a non-sortitioned office (or for an
office that no longer exists), that sortition immediately ends.
}

[Ensure at most one sortition for an office can be ongoing, allow
sortitioning vacant sortition offices, and handle the edge case of the
rules changing during a sortition.]

Amend Rule 1006 ("Offices") by replacing the paragraphs
{
Imposed offices and sortitioned are offices described as such by the
rules that define them. All other offices are elected A person CANNOT be
made the holder of an elected office without eir explicit or reasonably
implied consent.

The holder of an elected office CAN resign it by announcement, causing
it to become vacant. The non-interim holder of an elected office CAN,
with 3 support, resign the office while appointing another player to
become the holder of the office, provided that other player is one of
the Supporters. Any player CAN cause an office to become vacant without
2 objections.
}
with the following paragraphs:
{
Imposed offices and sortitioned offices are offices described as such by
the rules that define them. All other offices are elected. An office is
voluntary if and only if it is elected or sortitioned. The selection
method for a sortitioned office is a sortition for that office. The
selection method for an elected office is an election for that office.

A person CANNOT be made the holder of a voluntary office without eir
consent. A person voluntarily entering emself into the selection method
of that office always satisfies this requirement, regardless of whether
it meets the normal definition of consent.

The holder of a voluntary office CAN resign it by announcement, causing
it to become vacant. Any player CAN cause a voluntary office to become
vacant without 2 objections.

The non-interim holder of an elected office CAN, with 3 support, resign
the office while appointing another player to become the holder of the
office, provided that other player is one of the supporters.
}

[Allow resigning sortitioned offices. Ensure sortitioned offices are
protected with consent. Replace "explicit or reasonably implied consent"
with the normal definition and ensure becoming a candidate/option always
meets it. Restrict w/o 2 objections removal to voluntary offices.]

Amend Rule 2573 ("Impeachment") by replacing the text "elected office"
with the text "voluntary office" and by replacing the text "an election
is immediately opened for that office" with the text "the selection
method for that office is immediately initiated (if possible)".

[Allow impeachment for sortitioned offices.]

Amend Rule 2160 ("Deputisation") by replacing the text "elected office"
with the text "voluntary office".

[Allow deputizing for sortitioned offices.]

Amend Rule 2438 ("Ribbons") by replacing the text "elected office" with
the text "voluntary office".

[Allow sortitioned offices to count for green ribbons.]
