PROPOSAL 9171 (Rationalizing Recordkeepors v1.2)
AUTHOR: Kate
CLASS: DEMOCRATIC
FOR (9): Janet, Kate, Lily, Mischief, Murphy, juan, kiako, lare290, snail
AGAINST (1): ais523
PRESENT (0): 
BALLOTS: 10
AI (F/A): 27/3 (AI=3.0)
POPULARITY: 0.800
OUTCOME: ADOPTED
[
kiako: Conditional resolved: Either Kate or Janet voted FOR
]

Resolved at: https://mailman.agoranomic.org/cgi-bin/mailman/private/agora-official/2024-September/018032.html

ID: 9171
Title: Rationalizing Recordkeepors v1.2
Adoption index: 3.0
Author: Kate
Co-authors: Murphy, Janet, 4st


[The purpose of this proposal is to unify the language around "tracking"
 and "recordkeepors", which is currently subtly different for assets and
 switches and has caused a lot of confusion in the past. In particular,
 the word "recordkeepor" is currently not defined with respect to
 switches, only to assets; this is causing bizarre behaviour around
 Hats, the intention of which is to be tracked, but not by an officer.]

Create a new Rule of Power 3.0, entitled "Recordkeepors", and reading
as follows:

      For some entity or class of entities to be "tracked by" another
      entity is for the latter entity to be its recordkeepor.

      For an entity to be a recordkeepor for a type of switch is for
      that entity to be the recordkeepor for all instances of that
      switch.

      Where the rules specify a recordkeepor for some set of instances
      of a switch, that recordkeepor's (weekly, if not specified
      otherwise) report includes the value of each instance in that set
      whose value is not its default value; a public document purporting
      to be this portion of that recordkeepor's report is
      self-ratifying, and implies that other instances in that set are
      at their default value.

      The recordkeepor of a class of assets is the entity (if any)
      defined as such by, and bound by, its backing document. That
      recordkeepor's report includes a list of all instances of that
      class and their owners. A public document purporting to be this
      portion of that recordkeepor's report is self-ratifying.

Amend Rule 2166 (Assets) by removing the following:

      The recordkeepor of a class of assets is the entity (if any)
      defined as such by, and bound by, its backing document. That
      entity's report includes a list of all instances of that class and
      their owners. A public document purporting to be this portion of
      that entity's report is self-ratifying.

      For a class of assets to be "tracked by" an entity is for that
      entity to be its recordkeepor.

Amend Rule 2162 (Switches) by removing the following:

      3. Optionally, exactly one office whose holder tracks instances of
         that switch. That officer's (weekly, if not specified
         otherwise) report includes the value of each instance of that
         switch whose value is not its default value; a public document
         purporting to be this portion of that officer's report is
         self-ratifying, and implies that other instances are at their
         default value.

Amend Rule 2603 (Switch Responsibility) to read in full:

      For each type of switch that is not defined as untracked and that
      has at least one instance that would otherwise lack a
      recordkeepor, there exists an imposed office named "Tracker of
      [type name]" whose holder tracks those instances.

Rename Rule 2143 (Official Reports and Duties) to "Reports and Duties",
and amend it by replacing this text:

      An officer SHALL publish eir report in plain text, with tabular
      data lining up properly when viewed in a monospaced font.
      Publishing a report that deviates from these restrictions is the
      Class 2 infraction of Making My Eyes Bleed.

      A player CAN, by announcement, petition a specified non-vacant
      office to take a specific action. The holder of that office SHALL
      publicly respond to that petition in a timely fashion.

with this text:

      A person publishing a report SHALL do so in plain text, with
      tabular data lining up properly when viewed in a monospaced font.
      Publishing a report that deviates from these restrictions is the
      Class 2 infraction of Making My Eyes Bleed.

      A player CAN, by announcement, petition a specified person with a
      specified duty to take a specific action related to that duty.
      That person SHOULD publicly respond to that petition in a timely
      fashion. A player CAN petition a specified non-vacant office in
      the same fashion; its holder SHALL respond in the same fashion.

Amend Rule 2694 (Hats) by replacing:

      Unless otherwise specified by the rules: 1) the recordkeepor for
      a player's hat is the player emself, and 2) reporting on hats is
      OPTIONAL.

with:

      The recordkeepor for a player's hat is the player emself. Rules
      to the contrary notwithstanding, reporting on one's own hat is
      OPTIONAL.
