PROPOSAL 9223 (Yet Another Transparent Ribbon Solution)
AUTHOR: Kate
CLASS: DEMOCRATIC
FOR (8): 4st, Janet, Kate, Mischief, Murphy, ais523, juan, kiako
AGAINST (1): Shy Owl
PRESENT (1): snail
BALLOTS: 10
AI (F/A): 24/3 (AI=3.0)
POPULARITY: 0.700
OUTCOME: ADOPTED
[
juan: Murphy is the Tailor: Endorsement of Murphy
kiako: Conditional resolved: Murphy is the Tailor and voted: Endorsement of Murphy
]

Resolved at: https://mailman.agoranomic.org/cgi-bin/mailman/private/agora-official/2025-March/018346.html

ID: 9223
Title: Yet Another Transparent Ribbon Solution
Adoption index: 3.0
Author: Kate
Co-authors: Mischief, ais523, Janet


Amend Rule 2438, "Ribbons", by performing the following changes to its
text in order as a single amendment.

Replace the four paragraphs beginning "White", "Black", "Gray" and
"Transparent" with the following text:

      White (W): A player qualifies for a White Ribbon if e has never
      previously owned a White Ribbon (including under previous
      rulesets). A player who has been registered for the past 30+ days
      or 180+ cumulative days and has never acted on eir own behalf to
      cause another person to gain a White Ribbon (including under a
      previous ruleset) CAN act on eir own behalf to cause another
      person to earn a White Ribbon by announcement.

      Black (K): An instrument CAN, as part of its effect, cause a
      person to earn a Black Ribbon.

      Gray (A): Once per month the Tailor CAN, by announcement, cause a
      specified player to earn a Gray Ribbon. E is ENCOURAGED to do so
      in the same message in which e publishes eir monthly report.

      Transparent (T): A person qualifies for a Transparent Ribbon while
      the number of other types of Ribbon that that person qualified for
      within the previous 7 days is at least 5.

      When a person earns a White, Black or Gray Ribbon, this Rule
      awards that person a Ribbon of that type.

If a proposal entitled "Codify the Loophole" has been adopted in the
past 14 days (including earlier in the same message), then, in the
paragraph starting "Transparent", replace "7 days" with "14 days".

COMMENTS:

This is an alternative solution to the Transparent Ribbon question:
instead of codifying the way it works now, it rephrases the White and
Gray Ribbons so that they uses the same earn/qualify framework as the
other Ribbons. This removes the need for Transparent to reference the
concept of "awarding" at all, therefore removing any ability to extend
the Transparent Ribbon contribution time by delaying a ribbon award.

I *believe* this removes any (in-game) incentives to delay awarding a
Ribbon or Raising a Banner when it is POSSIBLE to do so (which none of
the other proposed fixes do, yet; "Codify the Loophole" makes the impact
smaller by making the timescale more generous, but awarding a Ribbon
late still extends the window to contribute to Transparent).

This proposal isn't mutually exclusive with "Trash 'em" or "Ribbon
Responsibility". It does conflict with "Codify the Loophole"; if both
proposals pass, this one takes precedence (assuming the Assessor
resolves them in order), but extends the time limit to the maximum that
would have been possible under the existing system.

I intend to vote FOR all the current fix proposals, including this one,
unless bugs are discovered.
