PROPOSAL 9253 (The Tower)
AUTHOR: snail
CLASS: ORDINARY
FOR (3): 4st, Automaticat, juan%
AGAINST (5): EarlyRetirement, Janet^, Mischief^, Trigon, kiako%
PRESENT (1): Cosmo^
BALLOTS: 9
AI (F/A): 11/23 (AI=1.0)
POPULARITY: -0.222
OUTCOME: REJECTED

Resolved at: https://mailman.agoranomic.org/cgi-bin/mailman/private/agora-official/2025-November/018809.html

ID: 9253
Title: The Tower
Adoption index: 1.0
Author: snail
Co-authors: 


Enact a new Rule with a power of 1, the title "A Seed", and the following
text:

{{{
In the center of Agora, there is a tower. But it has not yet been completed.

A seed at its base begs for the nourishment it requires: pyrite.

An integer switch this seed does possess, its "magical essence", with a
default of 0 and a maximum of 100. When it reaches this maximum, the seed
will grow.

Each player can, by paying a fee of 100 pyrite, feed the tower, which
increases the seed's magical essence by 1.

And when the seed grows, as fate demands, this Rule takes effect, by
enacting a new Rule, with title "The Tower", a power of 1, and 4 paragraphs
of text provided by the greatest architects, and it should be looked upon
with AWE.

The greatest architects are those persons which have fed the tower the most
times, and also provided a paragraph. The architect in first supplies the
first paragraph, specifying its text by announcement. E NEED NOT specify
that it is the first paragraph, merely that it is a paragraph meant to be
engraved on the tower's walls. The same is true for the architect in second
and the second paragraph, the third and the third, the fourth and the
fourth.

In the event of a tie, should such a conflict arise, the tie will be broken
with the person possessing more radiance being greater, and if conflict
still, greater in pyrite, then in time since each last registered.

If 4 paragraphs cannot be determined, a grave outcome indeed, then each
paragraph that can be determined is included instead of all 4 in balance,
and the tower SHOULD be looked upon with MUCH FEAR.

It would be wise to engrave words of power on the tower, for it will be the
source of all magic in Agora. Interlopers may seek to change the engravings
after its construction, but doing so is ILL-ADVISED, and may result in dark
forces being unleashed on the perpetrators.

And when fate has come to pass, after the seed has grown, and the tower
demands to be looked on with AWE or FEAR, only then will this rule take
effect to repeal itself, and the age of magic will be upon Agora, for
BETTER or WORSE.
}}}
