PROPOSAL 9254 (Administrative Publication Act)
AUTHOR: Janet
CLASS: DEMOCRATIC
FOR (7): Automaticat, Cosmo, Janet, Mischief, Murphy, Trigon, juan
AGAINST (0): 
PRESENT (0): 
BALLOTS: 7
AI (F/A): 21/0 (AI=3.0)
POPULARITY: 1.000
OUTCOME: ADOPTED
[
Mischief: Janet is the Rulekeepor: Endorsement of Janet
]

Resolved at: https://mailman.agoranomic.org/cgi-bin/mailman/private/agora-official/2025-November/018832.html

ID: 9254
Title: Administrative Publication Act
Adoption index: 3.0
Author: Janet
Co-authors: kiako


Amend Rule 2651 ("The Election Cycle") by, as a single amendment
(failing as a whole if any step fails):

* Replacing "the ADoP CAN and SHALL publish a Notice of Election" with
"the ADoP CAN by announcement and SHALL issue a Notice of Election".

* Replacing "Such a notice initiates" with "Doing so initiates".

* Replacing "if there are fewer than 2 term-limited offices, the ADoP
MUST instead list all of them" with "or, if there are fewer than 2 such
offices, all of them".

[The last part is a drive-by fix.]


Amend Rule 2555 ("Blots") by replacing "Once a quarter, the Referee CAN
(and SHALL during its first Eastman week) publish a Notice of Clemency"
with "Once per quarter, the Referee CAN by announcement (and SHALL
during its first Eastman week) issue a Notice of Clemency".

Amend Rule 2656 ("Radiance") by replacing "Once a quarter, the
Illuminator CAN (and SHALL during its first Eastman week) publish a
Notice of Diminution" with "Once per quarter, the Illuminator CAN by
announcement (and SHALL during its first Eastman week) issue a Notice of
Diminution".

[I have always been annoyed by using "CAN publish" as an attempt to
authorize an action. To "publish" is already defined, and we have a
perfectly method for actions taken by sending a message: "by
announcement". I would argue "This is a Notice of X." continues to work
under this standard, since one no longer has to explicitly announce that
e performs a "by announcement" action in order to take it, and saying
that clearly sets forth intent to take the action of "issuing" the Notice.]


If, immediately prior to this proposal taking effect (and under the
ruleset then in effect), the ADoP had published a Notice of Election in
the current quarter, any duty for em to issue a Notice of Election in
the current quarter is discharged.

If, immediately prior to this proposal taking effect (and under the
ruleset then in effect), the Referee had published a Notice of
Clemency in the current quarter, any duty for em to issue a Notice of
Clemency in the current quarter is discharged.

If, immediately prior to this proposal taking effect (and under the
ruleset then in effect), the Illuminator had published a Notice of
Diminution in the current quarter, any duty for em to issue a Notice of
Diminution in the current quarter is discharged.

[Clarify that this proposal does not impose any additional duties in the
current quarter.]


Amend Rule 869 ("How to Join and Leave Agora") by replacing the text "by
publishing a message that indicates reasonably clearly" with "by sending
a public message that indicates reasonably clearly".

[The "message" part of this requirement is already included in the
definition of "publish".]


Amend Rule 2463 ("Motion of No Confidence") to read as follows:

{

Any player CAN, with Agoran consent, cause the office of Prime Minister
to become vacant, provided that the message in which e does so contains
the string "MOTION OF NO CONFIDENCE" in its subject line. Motions of no
confidence SHOULD be used whenever Agorans want to shake things up,
rather than as a personal judgement of the Prime Minister.

}

[Remove the double method ("with Agoran consent" and "by publishing
[...]") by phrasing it as a condition instead. Also, fix a typo
("missing "be" after "SHOULD").]
