PROPOSAL 9312 (Executive Solution)
AUTHOR: Mischief
CLASS: DEMOCRATIC
FOR (6): Janet, Mischief, Murphy, Nilrem, Trigon, juan
AGAINST (0): 
PRESENT (1): Cosmo
BALLOTS: 7
AI (F/A): 18/0 (AI=3.0)
POPULARITY: 0.857
OUTCOME: ADOPTED

Resolved at: https://mailman.agoranomic.org/cgi-bin/mailman/private/agora-official/2026-March/019088.html

ID: 9312
Title: Executive Solution
Adoption index: 3.0
Author: Mischief
Co-authors: ais523, Murphy


[Rather than try to write auctions and such into the rules, we can
outsource it to administrative regulations. This also allows for more
flexibility to experiment -- maybe we want to try a raffle instead, or
perhaps just incinerate the assets. Additionally, different potential
approaches could lead to elections actually decided based on policy!]

Create a rule titled "The Executor" with power 2 reading:

       The Executor is an elected office responsible for managing assets
       in the Lost and Found Department.

       The Executor SHOULD maintain administrative regulations
       specifying how e will manage such assets. The Executor is
       ENCOURAGED to draft eir administrative regulations such that any
       actions e takes to manage such assets occur no less frequently
       than quarterly.

Amend rule 2576 (Ownership) by replacing the text reading:

       An asset "in abeyance" is one whose owner is nonexistent,
       indeterminate, or invalid. If an asset would otherwise be in
       abeyance, then it is owned by the Lost and Found Department (if
       possible) or destroyed (otherwise), subject to modification by its
       backing document (provided that the modification either destroys
       it or prevents it from being in abeyance). Rules to the contrary
       notwithstanding, the Lost and Found Department can own assets of
       every type. Assets owned by the Lost and Found Department can be
       transferred or destroyed by any player without objection.

with:

       An asset "in abeyance" is one whose owner is nonexistent,
       indeterminate, or invalid. If an asset would otherwise be in
       abeyance, then it is owned by the Lost and Found Department (if
       possible) or destroyed (otherwise), subject to modification by its
       backing document (provided that the modification either destroys
       it or prevents it from being in abeyance). Rules to the contrary
       notwithstanding, the Lost and Found Department can own assets of
       every type.

       Assets owned by the Lost and Found Department can be transferred
       or destroyed by any player without objection. Assets owned by the
       Lost and Found Department can be transferred or destroyed by the
       Executor, as authorized by the Executor's administrative
       regulations.

Amend rule 2659 (Stamps) by removing the text reading:

       Any player CAN pay a fee of 6 Spendies to transfer a specified
       stamp from the L&FD to emself.
