PROPOSAL 9317 (Office cleanup)
AUTHOR: Murphy
CLASS: DEMOCRATIC
FOR (6): Cosmo, Mischief, Murphy, Nilrem, Trigon, juan
AGAINST (0): 
PRESENT (1): Janet
BALLOTS: 7
AI (F/A): 18/0 (AI=3.0)
POPULARITY: 0.857
OUTCOME: ADOPTED
[
Nilrem: Murphy is the ADoP: Endorsement of Murphy
juan: Endorsement of Murphy
]

Resolved at: https://mailman.agoranomic.org/cgi-bin/mailman/private/agora-official/2026-March/019088.html

ID: 9317
Title: Office cleanup
Adoption index: 3.0
Author: Murphy
Co-authors: Mischief


Amend Rule 2689 (Vacations & Delegation) by replacing this text:

       Delegate is an Office switch with possible values of "None" and
       any active player, and default value of "None". Delegates are
       tracked by the ADoP in eir weekly report.

       A player CAN flip the Delegate switch of a specified office to
       emself with Agoran Consent. If the Delegate switch of an office is
       set to "None", the holder of that office CAN flip the Delegate
       switch of that office to a specified player with support from that
       specified player.

with this text:

       Delegate is an Office switch, tracked by the ADoP, with possible
       values "None" (default) and any active player.

       A player CAN flip the Delegate switch of a specified office to
       emself with Agoran Consent, or from "None" to emself with support
       from its holder. The holder of an office CAN flip its Delegate
       switch from "None" to a specified player with support from the
       specified player.

[Allow the with-support option to be initiated by either party, and
  simplify language.]

Amend Rule 1006 (Offices) by replacing this text:

       Officeholder is an office switch tracked by the ADoP, with
       possible values of any person or "vacant" (default).

with this text:

       Officeholder is an office switch tracked by the ADoP, with
       possible values of any player or "vacant" (default).

and removing this text:

       If the holder of an office is ever not a player, it becomes
       vacant.

and replacing this text:

       Immediately after a proposal finishes taking effect, if one or
       more offices exist that did not exist prior to the proposal taking
       effect, each such office, if it is vacant, becomes held by the
       author of the proposal.

with this text:

       Immediately after a proposal finishes taking effect, each vacant
       office that did not exist prior to the proposal taking effect
       becomes held by the author of the proposal.

[Outsource removing non-players from office to Rule 2162's "If an
  instance of a switch would otherwise fail to have a possible value".]

Amend Rule 2651 (The Election Cycle) by replacing this text:

       a) With 2 support (if the office is either interim or term-
       limited) or 4 support (otherwise), and provided that the initiator
       becomes a candidate in the same message.

       b) By announcement, if e is the ADoP (or, if the office is the
       ADoP, if e is the Assessor) and the office is interim, or if e is
       the holder of that office.

with this text:

       a) With 2 support (if the office is either interim or term-
       limited) or 4 support (otherwise), provided that the initiator
       becomes a candidate in the same message.

       b) By announcement, if e is the office's Overseer and the office
       is interim, or if e is the holder of that office.

       The Overseer of the ADoP is the Assessor. The Overseer of all
       other offices (including any held by the ADoP) is the ADoP.

[Overseer is similar to Investigator in Rule 2478. Amending Rule 2472
  to generalize this type of relationship between offices is left as an
  exercise.]

Amend Rule 2154 (Election Procedure) by replacing this text:

       After the nomination period ends, the ADoP (or, if the office is
       the ADoP, the Assessor) CAN and, in a timely fashion, SHALL:

       1) If the election is contested, initiate an Agoran decision to
          select the winner of the election (the poll). For this
          decision, the Vote Collector is the ADoP (or, if the office is
          the ADoP, the Assessor),

with this text:

       After the nomination period ends, the Overseer of the office CAN
       and, in a timely fashion, SHALL:

       1) If the election is contested, initiate an Agoran decision to
          select the winner of the election (the poll). For this
          decision, the Vote Collector is the Overseer of the office,

[Use the new definition from Rule 2651.]
