PROPOSAL 9333 (Whither Weather?)
AUTHOR: Galle
CLASS: ORDINARY
FOR (3): Cosmo^, Galle, ais523%
AGAINST (1): Janet^
PRESENT (5): Mischief^, Murphy^, Nilrem%, Trigon$, juan%
BALLOTS: 9
AI (F/A): 14/6 (AI=1.0)
POPULARITY: 0.222
OUTCOME: ADOPTED
[
Mischief: Murphy is the Land Managor: Endorsement of Murphy
]

Resolved at: https://mailman.agoranomic.org/cgi-bin/mailman/private/agora-official/2026-May/019258.html

ID: 9333
Title: Whither Weather?
Adoption index: 1.0
Author: Galle
Co-authors: 


Amend Rule 2708 ("Crops") to read as follows:
---
Creating and destroying types of Crop is secured.

Growing Season, Seed Cost, Growth Duration, Resilience, Opportunity, and
Sell Price are Crop type switches, tracked by the Land Managor, with
these values:

- Growing Season - all Crop Seasons
- Seed Cost - integers from 50 to 200 inclusive
- Growth Duration - integers from 3 to 24 inclusive
- Resilience - integers from 70 to 100 inclusive
- Opportunity - integers from 1 to 30 inclusive
- Sell Price - integers from 100 to 400 inclusive

Rules to the contrary notwithstanding, a Crop type CANNOT be planted
while its Seed Cost is null, and CANNOT be harvested while its Growth
Duration or Sell Price is null.

When rounding Seed Cost or Growth Duration, ties are broken toward the
larger value.

An in-season Crop is one whose Growth Season is in progress. All others
are out-of-season.
---

Amend Rule 2709 ('The Growth Cycle') to read as follows:
---
A player CAN plant an in-season Crop by paying a fee in Pyrite equal to
its Seed Cost, provided that eir number of Hectares is greater than the
number of unlost, unharvested Crops e planted earlier in the current
Crop Season. <Growth Duration> days after it is planted, an unlost Crop
ripens.

Once per ripe, unlost, unharvested Crop that a player planted, e CAN
harvest it by announcement gaining Pyrite equal to its Sell Price
(exception: if the Weather for the week e planted it had already been
selected at the time e planted it, e CANNOT harvest it before the end of
the week after the week e planted it).

When the Fields Wither, all unharvested Crops are lost.

Weather is a secured singleton integer switch with values between 1 and
100 inclusive, tracked by the Land Managor, with a default value of 50.
Once per week, the Land Managor SHALL select and announce a random
integer between 1 and 100 to be that week's Weather. Upon such an
announcement, the Weather is flipped to that value. At the end of each
week, all crops with Resilience lower than the current Weather are lost
and all crops with Opportunity greater than the current Weather ripen.

At the end of each Crop Season, the Fields Wither.
---

Amend the second sentence of the first paragraph of Rule 2710 ('Genetic
Modification') to read as follows:
---
The Land Managor CAN once by announcement, and SHALL in a timely
fashion, set its Growth Season, Seed Cost, Growth Duration, Resilience,
Opportunity, and Sell Price to randomly selected valid values.
---

Amend the second paragraph of Rule 2710 ('Genetic Modification') to read
as follows:
---
Once per Crop Season, a player CAN pay a fee of 750 Pyrite to alter a
type of out-of-season Crop's Seed Cost, Growth Duration, Resilience,
Opportunity, or Sell Price by up to 25% in either direction.
---

Set the Resilience of all Crop types to 90. Set the Opportunity of all
Crop types to 20.
